<script src="https://www.gstatic.com/firebasejs/3.6.9/firebase.js"></script>

var america = [ "Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe I can't breathe but I still fight, while I can fight As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight High off her love, drunk from her hate, it's like I'm huffin' paint And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates Me, she fucking hates me and I love it, wait Where you going, I'm leaving you, no you ain't Come back, we're running right back here we go again It's so insane, 'cause when it's going good it's going great I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped ‘who's that dude?’, I don't even know his name I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again I guess I don't know my own strength Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe when you're with 'em You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em Got that warm fuzzy feelin', yeah them chills used to get 'em Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em You'd swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em Now you're in each others' face, spewing venom in your words when you spit 'em You push pull each others' hair, scratch claw bit 'em Throw 'em down pin 'em, so lost in them moments when you're in 'em It's the rage that took over, it controls ya both So they say you're best to go your separate ways, guess that they don't know ya 'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over But you promised her, next time you'll show restraint You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game But you lied again, now you get to watch her leave out the window Guess that's why they call it window pane Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : Now I know we said things, did things, that we didn't mean Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine But your temper's just as bad as mine is, you're the same as me But when it comes to love, you're just as blinded, baby please Come back, it wasn't you, baby it was me Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano All I know is I love you too much to walk away though Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the dry wall Next time, there will be no next time, I apologize Even though I know it's lies, I'm tired of the games I just want her back, I know I'm a liar If she ever tries to fuckin' leave again, I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lieOh, her eyes, her eyes make the stars look like they're not shinin' Her hair, her hair falls perfectly without her tryin' She's so beautiful And I tell her every day Yeah, I know, I know when I compliment her, she won't believe me And it's so, it's so sad to think that she don't see what I see But every time she asks me, ‘Do I look okay?’ I say When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change 'Cause you're amazing just the way you are And when you smile The whole world stops and stares for awhile 'Cause girl, you're amazing just the way you are Yeah, her lips, her lips, I could kiss them all day if she'd let me Her laugh her laugh, she hates, but I think it's so sexy She's so beautiful And I tell her every day Oh, you know, you know, you know I'd never ask you to change If perfect's what you're searching for, then just stay the same So don't even bother asking if you look okay You know I'll say When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change 'Cause you're amazing just the way you are And when you smile The whole world stops and stares for awhile 'Cause girl, you're amazing just the way you are The way you are The way you are Girl, you're amazing just the way you are When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change 'Cause you're amazing just the way you are And when you smile The whole world stops and stares for awhile 'Cause girl, you're amazing just the way you are, yeahDo you ever feel like a plastic bag Drifting through the wind, wanting to start again? Do you ever feel, feel so paper-thin Like a house of cards, one blow from caving in? Do you ever feel already buried deep? Six feet under screams, but no one seems to hear a thing Do you know that there's still a chance for you? 'Cause there's a spark in you You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine Just own the night like the Fourth of July 'Cause baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ As you shoot across the sky-y-y Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe You don't have to feel like a waste of space You're original, cannot be replaced If you only knew what the future holds After a hurricane, comes a rainbow Maybe the reason why all the doors are closed So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road Like a lightning bolt, your heart will glow And when it's time you know You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine Just own the night like the Fourth of July 'Cause baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ As you shoot across the sky-y-y Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon It's always been inside of you, you, you And now it's time to let it through 'Cause baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ As you shoot across the sky-y-y Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moonYou think I'm pretty without any makeup on You think I'm funny when I tell the punch line wrong I know you get me, so I let my walls come down, down Before you met me, I was alright But things were kind of heavy, you brought me to life Now every February, you'll be my Valentine, Valentine Let's go all the way tonightNo regrets, just love We can dance until we die You and I, we'll be young forever You make me feel like I'm living a teenage dream The way you turn me on, I can't sleep Let's run away and don't ever look back, don't ever look back My heart stops, when you look at me Just one touch, now baby, I believe this is real So take a chance and don't ever look back, don't ever look back We drove to Cali and got drunk on the beach Got a motel and built a fort out of sheets I finally found you, my missing puzzle piece: I'm complete Let's go all the way tonight No regrets, just love We can dance until we die You and I, we'll be young forever You make me feel like I'm living a teenage dream The way you turn me on, I can't sleep Let's run away and don't ever look back, don't ever look back My heart stops when you look at me Just one touch, now baby, I believe this is real So take a chance and don't ever look back, don't ever look back I'mma get your heart racing in my skin-tight jeans Be your teenage dream tonight Let you put your hands on me in my skin-tight jeans Be your teenage dream tonight You make me feel like I'm living a teenage dream The way you turn me on, I can't sleep Let's run away and don't ever look back, don't ever look back My heart stops when you look at me Just one touch, now baby, I believe this is real So take a chance and don't ever look back, don't ever look back I'ma get your heart racing in my skin-tight jeans Be your teenage dream tonight Let you put your hands on me in my skin-tight jeans Be your teenage dream tonightI came to dance, dance, dance, dance I hit the floor 'Cause that's my plans, plans, plans, plans I'm wearing all my favorite brands, brands, brands, brands Give me some space for both my hands, hands, hands, hands Yeah, yeah 'Cause it goes on and on and on And it goes on and on and on, yeah I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite I came to move, move, move, move Get out the way of me and my crew, crew, crew, crew I'm in the club so I'm gonna do, do, do, do Just drop the phone came here to do, do, do, do Yeah, yeah 'Cause it goes on and on and on And it goes on and on and on, yeah I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite I'm gonna take it all I, I'm gonna be the last one standing Higher over all I, I'm gonna be the last one landing 'Cause I, I, I believe it And I, I, I, I just want it all I just want it all I'm gonna put my hands in the air Ha-hands in the air Put your hands in the air, air, air, air, a-a-air I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamiteLady GaGa: Hello, hello, baby, you called? I can't hear a thing I have got no service in the club, you see, see Wha-wha-what did you say, huh? You're breaking up on me Sorry, I cannot hear you, I'm kinda busy (K-kinda busy) K-kinda busy (K-kinda busy) K-kinda busy (K-kinda busy) Sorry, I cannot hear you, I'm kinda busy Just a second, it's my favorite song they're gonna play And I cannot text you with a drink in my hand, eh? You shoulda made some plans with me, you knew that I was free And now you won't stop calling me, I'm kinda busy Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor (Eh x11) Stop telephonin' me (Stop telephonin' me) (Eh x10) I'm busy （I'm busy） (Eh x10) Stop telephonin' me (Stop telephonin' me) (Eh x11) Can call all you want, but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone Out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone Can call when you want, but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone Out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone Beyoncé: Boy, the way you blowin' up my phone won't make me leave no faster Put my coat on faster, leave my girls no faster I shoulda left my phone at home, 'cause this is a disaster Callin' like a collector, Sorry, I cannot answer Lady GaGa: Not that I don't like you, I'm just at a party And I am sick and tired of my phone ri-ringing Beyoncé: Sometimes I feel like I live in Grand Central Station (Station...) Tonight, I'm not takin' no calls, 'cause I'll be dancin' (Tonight, I'm dancin') Both: 'Cause I'll be dancin' (Tonight, I'm dancin') 'Cause I'll be dancin' (Tonight, I'm dancin') Tonight, I'm not takin' no calls, 'cause I'll be dancin' Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor (Eh x11) (Stop telephonin' me) Stop telephonin' me (Eh x10) (I'm busy) I'm busy (Eh x10) (Stop telephonin' me) Stop telephonin' me (Eh x11) （I'm busy） Can call all you want but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone 'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone Can call all you want but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone 'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone (D-D-DD-Darkchild) My telephone M-m-my telephone 'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone My telephone M-m-my telephone 'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone We're sorry, the number you have reached is not in service at this time. Please, check the number or try your call again...Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Tonight, I'mma let you be the captain Tonight, I'mma let you do your thing, yeah Tonight, I'mma let you be a rider Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up, babe Tonight, I'mma let it be fire Tonight, I'mma let you take me higher Tonight, baby, we can get it on, yeah We can get it on, yeah Do you like it, boy? I want want want What you want want want Give it to me, baby Like boom, boom, boom What I want want want Is what you want want want, na na Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Tonight, I'mma give it to you harder Tonight, I'mma turn your body out Relax, let me do it how I wanna If you got it, I need it and I'mma put it down Buckle up, I'mma give it to you stronger Hands up, we can go a little longer Tonight, I'mma get a little crazy Get a little crazy, baby Like you, boy I want want want What you want want want Give it to me baby Like boom, boom, boom What I want want want Is what you want want want, na na Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) I like the way you touch me there I like the way you pull my hair Babe, if I don't feel it I ain't faking No, no I like when you tell me kiss it there I like when you tell me move it there So giddy up Time to giddy up You say you're a rude boy Show me what you got now Come here right now (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me)I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) (Yeah) to take a stand (to take a stand) (It's been a ride) Everybody (I guess I had to) (everybody), come take my hand (Go to that place) (come take my hand) (To get to this one) We'll walk this road together (Now some of you) through the storm Whatever weather (Might still be in that place) cold or warm (If you're tryin to get out) Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone (Just follow me) Holla if you feel like (I'll get you there) you've been down the same road You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper, before I lay 'em But you won't take the sting out these words, before I say 'em 'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem When I say I'ma do somethin' I do it, I don't give a damn What you think, I'm doin' this for me, so fuck the world feed it beans It's gassed up, if it thinks it's stoppin' me I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt undoubtedly And all those who looked down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony No if ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he From Infinite down to the last Relapse album, he's still shittin' Whether he's on salary, paid hourly Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him Whichever comes first, for better or worse He's married to the game, like a ‘fuck you’ for Christmas His gift is a curse, forget the earth, he's got the urge To pull his dick from the dirt and fuck the whole universe I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) to take a stand (to take a stand) Everybody (everybody) , come take my hand (come take my hand) We'll walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road OK quit playin' with the scissors and shit, and cut the crap I shouldn't have to rhyme these words in a rhythm, for you to know it's a rap You said you was king, you lied through your teeth, for that Fuck your feelin's, instead of gettin' crowned you're gettin' capped And to the fans, I'll never let you down again, I'm back I promise to never go back on that promise, in fact Let's be honest, that last Relapse CD was eh Perhaps I ran them accents into the ground Relax, I ain't goin' back to that now All I'm tryna say is get back, click-clack-bloww 'Cause I ain't playin' around, there's a game called circle And I don't know how, I'm way too up to back down But I think I'm still tryin' to figure this crap out Thought I had it mapped out but I guess I didn't, this fuckin' black cloud Still follows me around, but it's time to exorcise these demons These motherfuckers are doin' jumpin' jacks now I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) to take a stand (to take a stand) Everybody (everybody) , come take my hand (come take my hand) We'll walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone Holla if you feel like, you've been down the same road And I just can't keep livin' this way So startin' today, I'm breakin' out of this cage I'm standin' up, I'ma face my demons I'm mannin' up, I'ma hold my ground I've had enough, now I'm so fed up Time to put my life back together right now It was my decision to get clean, I did it for me Admittedly, I probably did it subliminally for you So I could come back a brand new me, you helped see me through And don't even realize what you did, believe me you I been through the ringer, but they can do little to the middle finger I think I got a tear in my eye, I feel like the king of My world, haters can make like bees with no stingers And drop dead, no more beef flingers No more drama from now on, I promise To focus solely on handlin' my responsibilities as a father So I solemnly swear to always treat this roof, like my daughters and raise it You couldn't lift a single shingle on it 'Cause the way I feel, I'm strong enough to go to the club Or the corner pub and lift the whole liquor counter up 'Cause I'm raisin' the bar, I shoot for the moon But I'm too busy gazin' at stars, I feel amazin' and I'm not I'm not afraid (I'm not afraid) to take a stand (to take a stand) Everybody (everybody) , come take my hand (come take my hand) We'll walk this road together, through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just lettin' you know that, you're not alone Holla if you feel like, you've been down the same roadI know that we are young, And I know that you may love me, But I just can't be with you like this anymore, Alejandro. She's got both hands, in her pocket, And she won't look at you, won't look at you. She hides true love, en su bolsillo, She's got a halo around her finger, around you. You know that I love you, boy, Hot like Mexico, rejoice. At this point I've gotta choose, Nothing to lose. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Alejandro. I'm not your babe, I'm not your babe, Fernando. Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Just smoke my cigarette and hush. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Roberto. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Stop, please, just let me go, Alejandro, just let me go. She's not broken, she's just a baby, But her boyfriend's like her dad, just like a dad. And all those flames that burned before him, Now, he's gotta firefight, gotta cool the bad. You know that I love you, boy, Hot like Mexico, rejoice. At this point I've gotta choose, Nothing to lose. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Alejandro. I'm not your babe, I'm not your babe, Fernando. Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Just smoke my cigarette and hush. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Roberto. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Don't bother me, don't bother me. (Alejandro) Don't call my name, don't call my name. (Bye, Fernando) I'm not your babe, I'm not your babe. (Alejandro) Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Fernando. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Alejandro. I'm not your babe, I'm not your babe, Fernando. Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Just smoke my cigarette and hush. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Roberto. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. (Don't call my name) Alejandro, (don't call my name) Alejandro. (Alejandro) (I'm not your babe) Ale-Alejandro, (I'm not your babe) Ale-Alejandro. (Fernando) (Don't wanna kiss) Alejandro, (Don't wanna touch) Alejandro. (Just smoke my cigarette and hush) (Don't call my name) Ale-Alejandro, (don't call my name) Ale-Alejandro. (Roberto) AlejandroJason Derülo. Beluga Heights. J. J. J. J. J. R. C'mon. Everybody's looking for love. Oh Ain't that the reason you're at this club? Oh You ain't gon' find it dancin' with him. No I got a better solution for you girl, oh. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (And we'll go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. I can see it going down, going down In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head You'll be screaming out In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, In my head. Yeah. In my head. Oh yeah. C'mon! Some dudes know all the right things to say. Oh When it comes down to it, it's all just game. sure Instead of talking let me demonstrate. Yeah (Yeah) Get down to business let's skip foreplay, ay yeah. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (We can go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. (Never known) I can see it going down, going down In my head, baby, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, In my head. Break it down. Ay-oh. Come on. Yeah. Ay-oh. Let's go. Uuh. Ay-oh. You singing to me baby in my head right now. Ay-oh. Ay-oh. Come on. Yeah. Uuh. Ay-oh. She'll be screaming out when it all goes down. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (We can go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. (Never known) I can see it going down, going down In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down. In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, It's going down in my head. ",

"There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch and it's bringin' me out the dark Finally, I can see you crystal clear Go ahead and sell me out and I'll lay your shit bare See how I'll leave with every piece of you Don't underestimate the things that I will do There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch and it's bringin' me out the dark The scars of your love remind me of us They keep me thinkin' that we almost had it all The scars of your love, they leave me breathless I can't help feeling We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Baby, I have no story to be told But I've heard one on you and I'm gonna make your head burn Think of me in the depths of your despair Make a home down there as mine sure won't be shared (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love remind me of us (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) They keep me thinking that we almost had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love, they leave me breathless (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) I can't help feeling We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Could have had it all Rolling in the deep You had my heart inside of your hand But you played it with a beating Throw your soul through every open door (Wohh ho ho oh) Count your blessings to find what you look for (Wohh oh oh oh) Turn my sorrow into treasured gold (Wohh ho ho oh) You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you sow (You're gonna wish you never had met me) We could have had it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) It all, it all, it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) But you played it, you played it, you played it You played it to the beatEasy come, easy go, that's just how you live Oh, take, take, take it all, but you never give Should've known you was trouble from the first kiss Had your eyes wide open, why were they open? Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash You tossed it in the trash, you did To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for you, baby But you won't do the same No, no, no, no Black, black, black and blue, beat me till I'm numb Tell the devil I said, hey, when you get back to where you're from Mad woman, bad woman, that's just what you are Yeah, you'll smile in my face then rip the brakes out my car Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash You tossed it in the trash, yes you did To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for ya, baby But you won't do the same If my body was on fire Ooh, you'd watch me burn down in flames You said you loved me, you're a liar 'Cause you never, ever, ever did, baby But darling, I'd still catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for you, baby But you won't do the same No, you won't do the same You wouldn't do the same Ooh, you never do the same No, no, no, noIt doesn't matter if you love him, or capital H-I-M (M, M, M, M) Just put your paws up 'Cause you were born this way, baby My mama told me when I was young We are all born superstars She rolled my hair and put my lipstick on In the glass of her boudoir ‘There's nothing wrong with loving who you are’ She said, ‘'Cause he made you perfect, babe.’ ‘So hold your head up girl and you'll go far. Listen to me when I say.’ I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't be a drag, just be a queen Don't be a drag, just be a queen Don't be a drag, just be a queen (Don't be, don't be, don't be) Give yourself prudence and love your friends Subway kid, rejoice your truth In the religion of the insecure I must be myself, respect my youth A different lover is not a sin Believe capital H-I-M, hey I love my life, I love this record and Mi amore vole fe yah (Love needs faith) I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way (Don't be) Don't be a drag, just be a queen Whether you're broke or evergreen You're black, white, beige, chola descent You're Lebanese, you're orient Whether life's disabilities Left you outcast, bullied or teased Rejoice and love yourself today 'Cause baby you were born this way No matter gay, straight or bi Lesbian, transgendered life I'm on the right track, baby I was born to survive No matter black, white or beige Chola or orient made I'm on the right track, baby I was born to be brave I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, yeah Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, hey Same D.N.A. But born this way Same D.N.A. But born this wayOh, now Oh! Just shoot for the stars If it feels right Then aim for my heart If you feel like it Take me away And make it okay I swear I'll behave You wanted control So we waited I put on a show Now I'm naked You say I'm a kid My ego is big I don't give a shit And it goes like this Take me by the tongue and I'll know you Kiss me till you're drunk and I'll show you All the moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger Maybe it's hard When you feel like You're broken and scarred Nothing feels right But when you're with me I'll make you believe That I’ve got the key Oh, so get in the car You can ride it Wherever you want Get inside it And you wanna steer But I'm shifting gears I'll take it from here Oh yeah, yeah And it goes like this Take me by the tongue and I'll know you Kiss me till you're drunk and I'll show you All the moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger, woo I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger Uh, you wanna know How to make me smile Take control Own me just for the night Well, if I share my secret You're gonna have to keep it Nobody else can see this, eh, uh So watch and learn I won't show you twice Head to toe Ooh, baby, rub me right, yeah But if I share my secret You're gonna have to keep it Nobody else can see this Hey, hey, hey, yeah And it goes like this Take me by the tongue and I'll know you Kiss me till you're drunk and I'll show you All the moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger, woo! I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like JaggerI heard that you're settled down That you found a girl and you're married now I heard that your dreams came true Guess she gave you things I didn't give to you Old friend, why are you so shy? Ain't like you to hold back or hide from the light I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah You know how the time flies Only yesterday was the time of our lives We were born and raised in a summer haze Bound by the surprise of our glory days I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah Nothing compares, no worries or cares Regrets and mistakes, they're memories made Who would have known how bittersweet this would taste? Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah...Hey, over there, please forgive me If I'm coming on too strong Hate to stare but you're winning And they're playing my favorite song So come here a little closer Wanna whisper in your ear Make it clear, little question Wanna know just how you feel If I said my heart was beating loud If we could escape the crowd somehow If I said I want your body now Would you hold it against me? 'Cause you feel like paradise And I need a vacation tonight So if I said I want your body now Would you hold it against me? Hey, you might think that I'm crazy But you know I'm just your type I might be a little hazy But you just cannot deny There's a spark in between us When we're dancing on the floor I want more, wanna see it So I'm asking you tonight If I said my heart was beating loud If we could escape the crowd somehow If I said I want your body now Would you hold it against me? 'Cause you feel like paradise And I need a vacation tonight So if I said I want your body now Would you hold it against me? If I said I want your body Would you hold it against me? Yeah Oh Gimme something good Don't wanna wait, I want it now Pop it like a hood And show me how you work it out Alright If I said my heart was beating loud If I said I want your body now Would you hold it against me? If I said my heart was beating loud If we could escape the crowd somehow If I said I want your body now Would you hold it against me? 'Cause you feel like paradise And I need a vacation tonight So if I said I want your body now Would you hold it against me?Today I don't feel like doin' anything I just wanna lay in my bed Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone 'Cause today, I swear, I'm not doin' anything Ah, I'm gonna kick my feet up then stare at the fan Turn the tv on, throw my hand in my pants Nobody's gon' tell me I can't, no I'll be lounging on the couch just chilling in my Snuggie Click to MTV so they can teach me how to dougie 'Cause in my castle I'm the freaking man Oho, yes, I said it, I said it I said it 'cause I can Today I don't feel like doin' anything I just wanna lay in my bed Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone 'Cause today, I swear, I'm not doin' anything, nothing at all (Ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo) Nothing at all Tomorrow I'll wake up, do some P90x, Meet a really nice girl Have some really nice sex And she's gonna scream out: ‘This is great!’(Oh my God, this is great) Yeah I might mess around and get my college degree I bet my old man will be so proud of me But sorry, pops, you'll just have to wait Oho, yes, I said it, I said it I said it 'cause I can Today I don't feel like doin' anything I just wanna lay in my bed Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone 'Cause today, I swear, I'm not doin' anything No, I ain't gonna comb my hair 'Cause I ain't going anywhere No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'll just strut in my birthday suit And let everything hang loose Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Today I don't feel like doin' anything I just wanna lay in my bed Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone 'Cause today, I swear, I'm not doin' anything, nothing at all (Ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo) Nothing at all (Ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo) Nothing at allI let it fall, my heart And as it fell, you rose to claim it It was dark, and I was over Until you kissed my lips and you saved me My hands, they were strong But my knees were far too weak To stand in your arms Without falling to your feet But there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true And the games you'd play, you would always win, always win But I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name When I lay with you I could stay there, close my eyes Feel you here, forever You and me together, nothing is better 'Cause there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true And the games you'd play, you would always win, always win But I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name I set fire to the rain And I threw us into the flames When we fell, something died 'Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time Sometimes I wake up by the door That heart you caught must be waiting for you Even now when we're already over I can't help myself from looking for you I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name I set fire to the rain And I threw us into the flames When we fell, something died 'Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time Burn, oh Oh, no Let it burn, oh Let it burn Let it burn[Skylar] I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world I'm coming home Let the rain wash away All the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits And they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world that I'm coming [Diddy] I'm back where I belong Yeah I never felt so strong I'm feelin' like there's nothing that I can't try (I'm back, baby) And if you with me put your hands high (Put your hands high) If you ever lost a life before, this one's for you (And if you with me put your hands high) And you, and you and you and you (Your dreams are filled, you're rapping with the best) I hear ‘The Tears Of A Clown’, I hate that song I feel like they talking to me when it comes on Another day another dawn Another Keisha, nice to meet ya, get the math, I'm gone What am I 'posed to do when the club lights come on It's easy to be Puff, but it's harder to be Sean What if the twins ask why I ain't marry they mom? (Why? Damn) How do I respond? What if my son stares with a face like my own And says he wants to be like me when he's grown Damn, but I ain't finished growin' Another night the inevitable prolongs Another day, another dawn Just tell Keisha and Teresa I'll be better in the morn' Another lie that I carry on I need to get back to the place I belong [Skylar] I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world I'm coming home Let the rain wash away All the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits And they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world that I'm coming [Diddy] ‘A house Is Not A Home’, I hate this song Is a house really a home when your loved ones is gone? And people got the nerve to blame you for it And you know you woulda took the bullet if you saw it But you felt it and still feel it And money can't make up for it or conceal it But you deal with it and you keep ballin' Pour out some liquor, play boy, and we keep ballin' Baby, we've been living in sin 'cause we've been really in love But we've been living as friends So you've been a guest in your own home It's time to make your house your own, pick up your phone, come on [Skylar] I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world I'm coming home Let the rain wash away All the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits And they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world that I'm coming [Diddy] ‘Ain't No Stopping Us Now’, I love that song Whenever it comes on it makes me feel strong I thought I told y'all that we won't stop 'Til back cruising through Harlem, Viso blocks It's what made me, saved me, drove me crazy Drove me away than embraced me, forgave me For all of my shortcomings, welcome to my homecoming Yeah it's been a long time coming Lot of fights, lot of scars Lot of bottles, lot of cars Lot of ups, lot of downs Made it back, lost my dog (I miss you Big) And here I stand, a better man (A better man) Thank you Lord (Thank you Lord) [Skylar] I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world I'm coming home Let the rain wash away All the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits And they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world that I'm coming(Boy, I think about it every night and day I'm addicted, wanna jump inside your love I wouldn't wanna have it any other way I'm addicted and I just can't get enough) I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough Honey got a sexy all steamin' She givin' hotness a new meanin' Perfection, mama, you gleamin' Inception you got a brother dreamin', dreamin' Damn, baby, I'm feignin' I'm tryin-a holler at you, I'm screamin' Let me love you down this evenin' (Love you, love you, yeah, you know you are my demon) Girl, we could form a team and I could be the king, you could be the queen and My mind's dirty and it don't need cleanin' (I love you long time so you know the meanin') Oh, baby, I can't come down so, please, come help me out You got me feelin' high and I can't step off the cloud And I just can't get enough (Boy, I think about it every night and day I'm addicted, wanna jump inside your love I wouldn't wanna have it any other way I'm addicted and I just can't get enough) I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough Honey got me runnin' like I'm Flo Jo Signed her name on my heart with an XO Love so sweet, got me vexed though I wanna wish it right back like Presto, yes Meantime I wait for the next time She come around for a toast to the best time We LOL back and forth on the text line She got me fishin' for her love, I confess I'm Somethin 'bout her smile and the convo Got me high and I ain't comin' down, yo My heart's pumpin out louder than electro She got me feelin like (Mr. Roboto) Oh, baby, I can't come down so, please, come help me out You got me feelin' high and I can't step off the cloud And I just can't get enough (Boy, I think about it every night and day I'm addicted, wanna jump inside your love I wouldn't wanna have it any other way I'm addicted and I just can't get enough) I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough (This has been a switchup) Switchup! Switchup! I just can't (Switchup) Locked, sunk in your bed-rock Heart, pumpin your love-shot Knocked, out by your cold-shot I'm, stuck in your head-lock (Switchup) Can't-can't stop-stop won't-won't quit-quit Makin me f-f-f-f-f-fiend, give it to me I want it all-all, know what I mean Your love is a dose of ecsta (Switchup) Addicted, I can't get away from you Afflicted, I need it, I miss it (Switchup) I want your lovin' right next to me And I can't erase you out of my memory-ory I, just can't (Switchup)",

"Give me a second I, I need to get my story straight My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State My lover, she is waiting for me just across the bar My seat's been taken by some sunglasses asking 'bout a scar And I know I gave it to you months ago I know you're trying to forget But between the drinks and subtle things The holes in my apologies, you know I'm tryin' hard to take it back So if by the time the bar closes And you feel like falling down I'll carry you home Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Now, I know that I'm not all that you got I guess that I, I just thought Maybe we could find new ways to fall apart But our friends are back So let's raise a toast 'Cause I found someone to carry me home Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Just carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Just carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) The moon is on my side I have no reason to run So will someone come and carry me home tonight? The angels never arrived But I can hear the choir So will someone come and carry me home? Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun So if by the time the bar closes And you feel like falling down I'll carry you home tonightNow and then I think of when we were together Like when you said you felt so happy you could die Told myself that you were right for me But felt so lonely in your company But that was love and it's an ache I still remember You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness Like resignation to the end, always the end So when we found that we could not make sense Well you said that we would still be friends But I'll admit that I was glad it was over But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over But had me believing it was always something that I'd done But I don't wanna live that way Reading into every word you say You said that you could let it go And I wouldn't catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Somebody I used to know Somebody Now you're just somebody that I used to know Somebody I used to know Somebody Now you're just somebody that I used to know I used to know That I used to know I used to know SomebodyI threw a wish in the well Don't ask me, I'll never tell I looked to you as it fell And now you're in my way I trade my soul for a wish Pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this But now you're in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're going, baby? Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe You took your time with the call I took no time with the fall You gave me nothing at all But still, you're in my way I beg and borrow and steal Have foresight, and it's real I didn't know I would feel it But it's in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're going, baby? Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad I missed you so bad, I missed you so, so bad Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad And you should know that, I missed you so, so bad It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad I missed you so bad, I missed you so, so bad Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad And you should know that, so call me maybeOoh, ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh Ooh, ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh You and I go hard at each other Like we're going to war You and I go rough, we keep throwing things And slamming the door You and I get so damn dysfunctional We start keeping score You and I get sick, yeah I know that we can't do this no more, yeah But baby, there you go again There you go again making me love you Yeah, I stopped using my head Using my head, let it all go I got you stuck on my body On my body like a tattoo And now I'm feeling stupid Feeling stupid, crawling back to you So I cross my heart and I hope to die That I will only stay with you one more night And I know I said it a million times But I'll only stay with you one more night Try to tell you no But my body keeps on telling you yes Try to tell you to stop But your lipstick got me so out of breath I'd be waking up in the morning Probably hating myself And I'd be waking up Feeling satisfied but guilty as hell, yeah But baby, there you go again There you go again, making me love you (making me love you) Yeah, I stopped using my head Using my head, let it all go (let it all go) I got you stuck on my body On my body like a tattoo (like a tattoo, yeah) And now I'm feeling stupid Feeling stupid, crawling back to you So I cross my heart and I hope to die That I will only stay with you one more night (oh) And I know I said it a million times (yeah) But I'll only stay with you one more night (Ooh, ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh) Yeah baby, give me one more night (Ooh, ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh) Yeah baby, give me one more night (Ooh, ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh) Yeah baby, give me one more night (Ooh, ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh ooh) But baby, there you go again There you go again making me love you Yeah, I stopped using my head Using my head, let it all go Got you stuck on my body On my body like a tattoo Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah So I cross my heart and I hope to die (oh, oh) That I will only stay with you one more night (oh, oh) And I know I said it a million times (a million times) But I'll only stay with you for one more night (Yeah baby, give me one more night) So I cross my heart and I hope to die That I’ll only stay with you one more night (yeah, yeah) And I know I said it a million times (yeah, yeah) But I’ll only stay with you one more night I don't know, whateverShine bright like a diamond Shine bright like a diamond Find light in the beautiful sea I choose to be happy You and I, you and I We're like diamonds in the sky You're a shooting star, I see A vision of ecstasy When you hold me, I'm alive We're like diamonds in the sky I knew that we'd become one right away Oh, right away At first sight, I felt the energy of sun rays I saw the life inside your eyes So shine bright, tonight, you and I We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Eye to eye, so alive We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shining bright like a diamond We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shining bright like a diamond We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Palms rise to the universe As we moonshine and molly Feel the warmth, we'll never die We're like diamonds in the sky You're a shooting star, I see A vision of ecstasy When you hold me, I'm alive We're like diamonds in the sky At first sight I felt the energy of sun rays I saw the life inside your eyes So shine bright, tonight, you and I We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Eye to eye, so alive We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shining bright like a diamond We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shining bright like a diamond We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Shine bright like a diamond Shine bright like a diamond Shine bright like a diamond So shine bright, tonight, you and I We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Eye to eye, so alive We're beautiful like diamonds in the sky Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shine bright like a diamond, oh yeah Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shine bright like a diamond (oh) Shine bright like a diamond Shine bright like a diamondOne, two, one, two, three Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Never had much faith in love or miracles (Oooh!) Never wanna put my heart on the line (Oooh!) But swimming in your world is something spiritual (Oooh!) I'm born again every time you spend the night (Oooh!) 'Cause your sex takes me to paradise Yeah, your sex takes me to paradise And it shows Yeah, yeah, yeah 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) You bring me to my knees, you make me testify (Oooh!) You can make a sinner change his ways (Oooh!) Open up your gates 'cause I can't wait to see the light (Oooh!) And right there is where I wanna stay (Oooh!) 'Cause your sex takes me to paradise Yeah, your sex takes me to paradise And it shows Yeah, yeah, yeah 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Ohohoho Yeah, yeah, yeah Can I just stay here? Spend the rest of my days here? Ohohoho Yeah, yeah, yeah Can't I just stay here? Spend the rest of my days here? 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!)Yeah, yeah When I walk on by, girls be looking like ‘Damn, he fly!’ I pay to the beat, walking down the street in my new Le Freak, yeah This is how I roll, animal print pants outta control It's Redfoo with the big afro And like Bruce Leroy I got the glow Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out When I walk in the spot, this is what I see Everybody stops and they staring at me I got a passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it Show it, show it, show it I'm sexy and I know it I'm sexy and I know it, yo When I'm at the mall, security just can't fight them off And when I'm at the beach, I'm in a Speedo trying to tan my cheeks, (what?) This is how I roll, come on ladies it's time to go We headed to the bar, baby don't be nervous No shoes, no shirt and I still get service (what?) Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out When I walk in the spot, this is what I see Everybody stops and they staring at me I got a passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it Show it, show it, show it I'm sexy and I know it, hey I'm sexy and I know it Check it out Check it out Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah yeah Do the wiggle, man I do the wiggle, man, yeah I'm sexy and I know it Hey, yeah Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out I'm sexy and I know itYellow diamonds in the light Now we're standing side by side As your shadow crosses mine What it takes to come alive It's the way I'm feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place Shine a light through an open door Love and life I will divide Turn away 'cause I need you more Feel the heartbeat in my mind It's the way I'm feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place Yellow diamonds in the light Now we're standing side by side As your shadow crosses mine We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless placeI let it fall, my heart And as it fell, you rose to claim it It was dark, and I was over Until you kissed my lips and you saved me My hands, they were strong But my knees were far too weak To stand in your arms Without falling to your feet But there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true And the games you'd play, you would always win, always win But I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name When I lay with you I could stay there, close my eyes Feel you here, forever You and me together, nothing is better 'Cause there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true And the games you'd play, you would always win, always win But I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name I set fire to the rain And I threw us into the flames When we fell, something died 'Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time Sometimes I wake up by the door That heart you caught must be waiting for you Even now when we're already over I can't help myself from looking for you I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name I set fire to the rain And I threw us into the flames When we fell, something died 'Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time Burn, oh Oh, no Let it burn, oh Let it burn Let it burnYou know the bed feels warmer Sleepin' here alone You know I dream in color And do the things I want You think you got the best of me Think you've had the last laugh Bet you think that everything good is gone Think you left me broken down Think that I'd come running back Baby you don't know me, 'cause you're dead wrong What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone What doesn't kill you makes a fighter Footsteps even lighter Doesn't mean I'm over 'cause you're gone What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, stronger Just me, myself and I What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone You heard that I was starting over With someone new They told you I was moving on Over you You didn't think that I'd come back I'd come back swingin' You try to break me But you see What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone What doesn't kill you makes a fighter Footsteps even lighter Doesn't mean I'm over 'cause you're gone What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, stronger Just me, myself and I What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone Thanks to you, I got a new thing started Thanks to you, I'm not the brokenhearted Thanks to you, I'm finally thinkin' 'bout me You know in the end the day you left was just my beginning In the end What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone What doesn't kill you makes a fighter Footsteps even lighter Doesn't mean I'm over 'cause you're gone What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, stronger Just me, myself and I What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, stronger Just me, myself and I What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone When I'm alone",
"One, two, one, two, three Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Never had much faith in love or miracles (Oooh!) Never wanna put my heart on the line (Oooh!) But swimming in your world is something spiritual (Oooh!) I'm born again every time you spend the night (Oooh!) 'Cause your sex takes me to paradise Yeah, your sex takes me to paradise And it shows Yeah, yeah, yeah 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) You bring me to my knees, you make me testify (Oooh!) You can make a sinner change his ways (Oooh!) Open up your gates 'cause I can't wait to see the light (Oooh!) And right there is where I wanna stay (Oooh!) 'Cause your sex takes me to paradise Yeah, your sex takes me to paradise And it shows Yeah, yeah, yeah 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Ohohoho Yeah, yeah, yeah Can I just stay here? Spend the rest of my days here? Ohohoho Yeah, yeah, yeah Can't I just stay here? Spend the rest of my days here? 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!)Hey, Macklemore, can we go thrift shopping? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Ow, ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome Now, walk into the club like ‘What up? I got a big cock!’ Nah, I'm just pumped, bought some shit from a thrift shop (Ho!) Ice on the fringe is so damn frosty The people like ‘Damn, that's a cold-ass honky!’ Rolling in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine Dressed in all pink except my gator shoes, those are green (Ho!) Draped in a leopard mink, girl standing next to me Probably shoulda washed this, smells like R. Kelly's sheets (Piss) But shit, it was ninety-nine cents! Bag it, copping it, washing it, 'bout to go and get some compliments Passing up on those moccasins someone else been has walking in Bummy and grudgy, fucking it, I am stunting and flossing and Saving my money and I'm hella happy, that's a bargain, bitch Imma take your grandpa's style Imma take your grandpa's style No for real, ask your grandpa Can I have his hand-me-downs? (Thank you!) Velour jumpsuit and some house slippers Dookie brown leather jacket that I found, dig it They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard I bought a skeet blanket, then I bought a knee board (Ho!) Hello, hello, my ace man, my Mello John Wayne ain't got nothing on my fringe game, hell no I could take some Pro Wings, make them cool, sell those The sneaker heads would be like ‘Ah, he got the Velcros!’ (Ho!) I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome Ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome What you know about rocking a wolf on your noggin? What you knowing about wearing a fur fox skin? (Ho!) I'm digging, I'm digging, I'm searching right through that luggage One man's trash, that's another man's come up (Ho!) Thank your granddad for donating that plaid button- Up shirt, 'cause right now, I'm up in here stuntin' I'm at the Goodwill, you can find me in the (Uptons) I'm that, I'm that sucker searching in this section (Uptons) Your grammy, your aunty, your momma, your mammy I'll take those flannel zebra jammies, secondhand and rock that motherfucker The built-in onesie with the socks on that motherfucker I hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker (Ho!) They be like ‘Oh that Gucci, that's hella tight!’ I'm like ‘Yo, that's fifty dollars for a t-shirt!’ Limited edition, let's do some simple addition Fifty dollars for a t-shirt, that's just some ignorant bitch shit I call that getting swindled and pimped, shit I call that getting tricked by a business (Ho!) That shirt's hella dough And having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella don't (Ho!) Peep game, come take a look through my telescope Trying to get girls from a brand, man, you hella won't (Ho!) Man, you hella won't Ho! (Goodwill... poppin' tags... yeah) Ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome (Ho!) I'll wear your granddad's clothes I look incredible I'm in this big ass coat From that thrift shop down the road I wear your granddad's clothes (damn right) I look incredible (Now, c'mon, man) I'm in this big ass coat (big ass coat) From that thrift shop down the road (let's go) I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome (Ho!) Ha, ha, ha Is that your grandma's coat?Con los teroristas Ey, shake Ey, shake Ey, ey, ey, ey Shake, ta, ta And do the Harlem Shake Ey, shake, ey Shake, shake Ey Shake, shake, shake Ey, con los teroristas Ey, eyRight from the start You were a thief, you stole my heart And I your willing victim I let you see the parts of me That weren't all that pretty And with every touch you fixed them Now you've been talking in your sleep, oh, oh Things you never say to me, oh, oh Tell me that you've had enough Of our love, our love Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again I'm sorry, I don't understand Where all of this is coming from I thought that we were fine (Oh, we had everything) Your head is running wild again My dear, we still have everythin' And it's all in your mind (Yeah, but this is happening) You've been havin' real bad dreams, oh, oh You still lie so close to me, oh, oh There's nothing more than empty sheets Between our love, our love Oh, our love, our love, oh Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again I never stopped You're still written in the scars On my heart, you're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Our tear ducts and rust I'll fix it for us We're collecting dust But our love's enough You're holding it in You're pouring a drink No, nothing is as bad as it seems We'll come clean Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Oh, we can learn to love again Oh, we can learn to love again Oh-oh, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love againAlright, okay Alright, okay Alright, okay Return of the Mack, get up What it is, what it does, what it is, what it isn't Looking for a better way to get up out of bed Instead of getting on the internet and checking a new hit We get up, fresh out, pimp strut walking Little bit of humble, little bit of cautious Somewhere between like, Rocky and Cosby, Sweater Gang Nope, nope, y'all can't copy Yup, bad, moonwalkin', this here, is our party My posse's been on Broadway and we did it our way Grown music I shed my skin and put my bones into everything I record to it And yet I'm on Let that stage light go and shine on down Got the Bob Barker suit game and Plinko in my style Money, stay on my craft and stick around for those pounds But I do that to pass the torch and put on for my town Trust me, I'm a I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T shit hustler Chasing dreams since I was fourteen With the four track, busing halfway cross that city with the backpack Fat cat crushin', labels out here Nah they can't tell me nothing, we give that to the people Spread it across the country, labels out here Nah they can't tell me nothing, we give it to the people Spread it across the country Can we go back, this is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us Here we go back, this is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us Now, can I kick it? Thank you Yeah I'm so damn grateful I grew up really wanting gold fronts But that's what you get when Wu-Tang raised you Y'all can't stop me I go hard like I've got an 808 in my heartbeat And I'm eating at the beat Like you gave a little speed to a great white shark on Shark Week (Raw! Time to go off. Gone)? Deuces, goodbye I've got a world to see; And my girl, she wanna see Rome Caesar'll make you a believer Nah, I never ever did it for a throne That validation comes So I'm giving it back to the people now Sing that song and it goes like Raise those hands, this is our party We came here to live life like nobody was watching I got my city right behind me If I fall, they got me Learn from that failure, gain humility And then we keep marching, I said Here we go back, this is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us Here we go back, this is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us (And so we put our hands up) (And so we put our hands up) Oh, oh, oh ‘Na na nana na nana na.’ Hey, and all my people say ‘Na na nana na nana na.’ Hey, and all my people say ‘Na na nana na nana na.’ Oh, and all my people say ‘Na na nana na nana na.’ Mack-le-more Here we go back, this is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold us Here we go back, this is the moment Tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over So we put our hands up like the ceiling can't hold us Like the ceiling can't hold usEverybody get up Ooh Everybody get up (hey, hey, hey) (Hey, hey, hey) Oh (Hey, hey, hey) Wooh Turn it up If you can't hear what I'm trying to say If you can't read from the same page Maybe I'm going deaf (hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm going blind (hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm out of my mind (hey, hey, hey) (Everybody get up) Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature Just let me liberate you (hey, hey, hey) You don't need no papers (hey, hey, hey) That man is not your maker (hey, hey, hey) And that's why I'm gon' take a good girl I know you want it I know you want it I know you want it You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (oh yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted I hate these blurred lines I know you want it (yeah) I know you want it (oh yeah yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl (hey) The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty (hey, hey, hey) Go ahead, get at me (Everybody get up) (come on) What do they make dreams for When you got them jeans on? What do we need steam for? You the hottest bitch in this place! I feel so lucky (hey, hey, hey) You wanna hug me (hey, hey, hey) What rhymes with hug me? (hey, hey, hey) (Everybody get up) Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature (a-ha) Just let me liberate you (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) You don't need no papers (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) That man is not your maker (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) And that's why I'm gon' take a good girl I know you want it (ooh) I know you want it (hey, hey) I know you want it (ooh) You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (ooh) (yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted (Everybody get up) I hate these blurred lines (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it But you're a good girl (good girl) The way you grab me (Hustle Gang, Homie) Must wanna get nasty (Let go, I said rock) Go ahead, get at me One thing I ask you Let me be the one you back that ass into (come on) Go from Malibu to Paribu Yeah, I had a bitch, but she ain't bad as you So hit me up when you passing through I'll give you something big enough to tear your ass in two Swag on, even when you dress casual I mean it's not almost unbearable Then, honey, you're not there when I'm With my foresight bitch you pay me by Nothing like your last guy, he too square for you He don't smack that ass and pull your hair like that So I jail watch (jail watch) Hand wave (hand wave) for you to salute And choose but you didn't pick Not many women can refuse this pimpin' But I'm a nice guy, but you get it if you get with me Shake the vibe, get down (Ooh) Get up Do it like it hurt Like it hurt What you doing like work Hey yeah, hey (everybody get up) Baby, can you breathe? I got this from Jamaica It always works for me Dakota to Decatur (a-ha) No more pretending (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) 'Cause now you in it (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) Here's our beginning (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) I always wanted a good girl I know you want it (ooh) (hey) I know you want it I know you want it (ooh) You're a good girl (hey, yeah) Can't let it get past me (ooh) (hey yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted I hate these blurred lines (everybody get up) I know you want it (ooh) (hey) I know you want it (oh yeah, yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl (hey) The way you grab me (ooh) Must wanna get nasty (hey, hey, hey) Go ahead, get at me (ooh) Everybody get up (ooh) Everybody get up (ooh) Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey (ooh) Hey, hey, heyI used to bite my tongue and hold my breath Scared to rock the boat and make a mess So I sat quietly Agreed politely I guess that I forgot I had a choice I let you push me past the breaking point I stood for nothing So I fell for everything You held me down, but I got up Already brushing off the dust You hear my voice, you hear that sound Like thunder, gonna shake the ground You held me down, but I got up Get ready 'cause I've had enough I see it all, I see it now I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter Dancin' through the fire 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar Now I'm floatin' like a butterfly Stinging like a bee, I earned my stripes I went from zero To my own hero You held me down, but I got up Already brushing off the dust You hear my voice, you hear that sound Like thunder, gonna shake the ground You held me down, but I got up Get ready 'cause I've had enough I see it all, I see it now I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter Dancin' through the fire 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh (hey) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (you'll hear me roar) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar Roar, oh, roar, oh, roar I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter (I got the eye of the tiger) Dancin' through the fire (dancin' through the fire) 'Cause I am the champion (yeah) And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion (roar louder) 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar (you're gonna hear me roar) ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (yeah) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar (roar) ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (you'll hear me roar) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar (hear me roar)We clawed, we chained, our hearts in vain We jumped, never asking why We kissed, I fell under your spell A love no one could deny Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you I can't live a lie, running for my life I will always want you I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me I put you high up in the sky And now, you're not coming down It slowly turned, you let me burn And now, we're ashes on the ground Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you I can't live a lie, running for my life I will always want you I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me I came in like a wrecking ball Yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung Left me crashing in a blazing fall All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me I never meant to start a war I just wanted you to let me in And instead of using force I guess I should've let you win I never meant to start a war I just wanted you to let me in I guess I should've let you win Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was break me I came in like a wrecking ball Yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung Left me crashing in a blazing fall All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck meI've never seen a diamond in the flesh I cut my teeth on wedding rings in the movies And I'm not proud of my address In the torn-up town, no postcode envy But every song's like Gold teeth, Grey Goose, tripping in the bathroom Bloodstains, ball gowns, trashing the hotel room We don't care, we're driving Cadillacs in our dreams But everybody's like Cristal, Maybach, diamonds on your timepiece Jet planes, islands, tigers on a gold leash We don't care, we aren't caught up in your love affair And we'll never be royals (Royals) It don't run in our blood That kind of luxe just ain't for us We crave a different kind of buzz Let me be your ruler (Ruler) You can call me Queen Bee And baby, I'll rule (I'll rule, I'll rule, I'll rule) Let me live that fantasy My friends and I, we've cracked the code We count our dollars on the train to the party And everyone who knows us knows That we're fine with this, we didn't come from money But every song's like Gold teeth, Grey Goose, tripping in the bathroom Bloodstains, ball gowns, trashing the hotel room We don't care, we're driving Cadillacs in our dreams But everybody's like Cristal, Maybach, diamonds on your timepiece Jet planes, islands, tigers on a gold leash We don't care, we aren't caught up in your love affair And we'll never be royals (Royals) It don't run in our blood That kind of luxe just ain't for us We crave a different kind of buzz Let me be your ruler (Ruler) You can call me Queen Bee And baby, I'll rule (I'll rule, I'll rule, I'll rule) Let me live that fantasy Oh, oh, oh We're bigger than we ever dreamed And I'm in love with being queen Oh, oh, oh Life is great without a care We aren't caught up in your love affair And we'll never be royals (Royals) It don't run in our blood That kind of luxe just ain't for us We crave a different kind of buzz Let me be your ruler (Ruler) You can call me Queen Bee And baby, I'll rule (I'll rule, I'll rule, I'll rule) Let me live that fantasyI'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey Wanted to receive attention for my music Wanted to be left alone, public excuse me Been wanting my cake and eat it too, wanting it both ways Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated When I blew seep it was confusing 'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam Ooh, hit the lottery, oh wee With what I gave up to get was bittersweet It was like winning a huge meet Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink I'm beginning to lose sleep, one sheep, two sheep Going cuckoo and cuckier as Kool Keith But I'm actually weirder than you think, 'cause I'm Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing Eminem : Now I ain't much of a poet But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment And don't squander it 'Cause you never know when it could all be over Tomorrow so I keep conjuring Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from (Yeah, ponder it, Do you want this? No wonder you're losing your mind, the way it wanders.) Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo! I think you've been wandering off Down yonder and stumbled upon Jeff VanVonderen 'Cause I needed an intervention in this To intervene between me and this monster And save me from myself and all this conflict 'Cause the very things that I love is killing me and I can't conquer it My OCD is conking me in the head Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking I'm just relaying what the voice of my head saying Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing Eminem : Call me crazy but I had this vision One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian But until then drums get killed I'm coming straight at MCs, blood get spilled And I take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track Give every kid who got played that Pumped the feelin' and shit that say back To the kids who played 'em I ain't here to save the fucking children, but if one kid Out of a hundred million Who are going through a struggle feels it and relates that's great It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back in the draft Turn nothing into something, still can make that Straw in the gold chump I will spend Rumpelstiltskin in a hay stack Maybe I need a straitjacket, face facts I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that It's nothing, I'm still friends with the Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing",

"I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey Wanted to receive attention for my music Wanted to be left alone, public excuse me Been wanting my cake and eat it too, wanting it both ways Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated When I blew seep it was confusing 'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam Ooh, hit the lottery, oh wee With what I gave up to get was bittersweet It was like winning a huge meet Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink I'm beginning to lose sleep, one sheep, two sheep Going cuckoo and cuckier as Kool Keith But I'm actually weirder than you think, 'cause I'm Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing Eminem : Now I ain't much of a poet But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment And don't squander it 'Cause you never know when it could all be over Tomorrow so I keep conjuring Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from (Yeah, ponder it, Do you want this? No wonder you're losing your mind, the way it wanders.) Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo! I think you've been wandering off Down yonder and stumbled upon Jeff VanVonderen 'Cause I needed an intervention in this To intervene between me and this monster And save me from myself and all this conflict 'Cause the very things that I love is killing me and I can't conquer it My OCD is conking me in the head Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking I'm just relaying what the voice of my head saying Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing Eminem : Call me crazy but I had this vision One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian But until then drums get killed I'm coming straight at MCs, blood get spilled And I take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track Give every kid who got played that Pumped the feelin' and shit that say back To the kids who played 'em I ain't here to save the fucking children, but if one kid Out of a hundred million Who are going through a struggle feels it and relates that's great It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back in the draft Turn nothing into something, still can make that Straw in the gold chump I will spend Rumpelstiltskin in a hay stack Maybe I need a straitjacket, face facts I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that It's nothing, I'm still friends with the Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothingIt's going down, I'm yellin' ‘Timber’ You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget Whoo ooh woo ooh (timber) Whoo ooh woo (timber) The bigger they are, the harder they fall This biggity boy's a diggity dog I'll have 'em like Miley Cyrus, clothes off Twerkin' in their bras and thongs, timber Face down, booty up, timber That's the way we like to what?, timber I'm slicker than an oil spill She says she won't, but I bet she will, timber Swing your partner 'round and 'round End of the night, it's going down One more shot, another round End of the night, it's going down Swing your partner 'round and 'round End of the night, it's going down (oh oh oh) One more shot, another round End of the night, it's going down It's going down, I'm yellin' timber You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget It's going down, I'm yellin' timber You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget Oh, whoa, oh (It's going down) Oh, whoa, oh (It's going down) Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane Nah, it's just me, ain't a damn thing changed Live in hotels, swing on planes Blessed to say, money ain't a thing Club jumpin' like LeBron now, Voli Order me another round, homie We about to clown, why? 'Cause it's about to go down Swing your partner 'round and 'round End of the night, it's going down One more shot, another round End of the night, it's going down Swing your partner 'round and 'round End of the night, it's going down (oh oh oh) One more shot, another round End of the night, it's going down (it's going down) It's going down, I'm yellin' timber You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget It's going down, I'm yellin' timber You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget Oh, whoa, oh (it's going down) Oh, whoa, oh (it's going down) Oh, (timber) whoa, oh (it's going down) Oh, (timber) whoa, oh (it's going down)Juicy J Yeah, y'all know what it is Katy Perry Juicy J Uh huh, let's rave Katy Perry I knew you were You were gonna come to me And here you are But you better choose carefully 'Cause I I'm capable of anything Of anything And everything Make me your Aphrodite Make me your one and only But don't make me your enemy Your enemy Your enemy So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for Baby, do you dare to do this? 'Cause I'm comin' atcha like a dark horse (Hey) Are you ready for, ready for (Hey) A perfect storm, perfect storm (Hey, hey) 'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey) There's no going back Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey Mark my words This love will make you levitate Like a bird Like a bird without a cage But down to earth If you choose to walk away Don't walk away It's in the palm of your hand now, baby It's a yes or a no, no maybe So just be sure Before you give it all to me All to me Give it all to me So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for Baby, do you dare to do this? 'Cause I'm comin' atcha like a dark horse (Hey) Are you ready for, ready for (Hey) A perfect storm, perfect storm (Hey, hey) 'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey) There's no going back Juicy J She's a beast I call her Karma She'll eat your heart out Like Jeffrey Dahmer Be careful Try not to lead her on Shorty heart is on steroids 'Cause her love is so strong You may fall in love when you meet her If you get the chance, you better keep her She's sweet as pie but if you break her heart She'll turn cold as a freezer That fairy tale ending With a knight in shining armor She can be my Sleeping Beauty I'm gon' put her in a coma Now I think I love her Shorty so bad, sprung and I don't care She ride me like a roller coaster Turned the bedroom into a fair Her love is like a drug I was tryna hit it and quit it But li'l mama's so dope I messed around and got addicted Katy Perry So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for (you should know) Baby, do you dare to do this? 'Cause I'm comin' atcha like a dark horse (like a dark horse) (Hey) Are you ready for, ready for (ready for) (Hey) A perfect storm, perfect storm (a perfect storm) (Hey, hey) 'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (oh) (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey) There's no going backIt might seem crazy what I'm 'bout to say Sunshine she's here, you can take a break I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space With the air, like I don't care baby by the way Huh (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do Here come bad news talkin' this and that (Yeah) Well, give me all you got and don't hold it back (Yeah) Well, I should probably warn you I'll be just fine (Yeah) No offense to you, don't waste your time Here's why (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Hey, come on) (Uh) (Happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Uh, say what? Huh) (Happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Huh) (Happy) Bring me down, I said (Let me tell you now) (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Happy, happy, happy, happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy) Bring me down, I said (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do, yeah (Hey, come on) (Uh) (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Happy, happy, happy, happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy) Bring me down, I said (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you, ay ay ay (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you want to do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you, hey, hey (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do Huh, come onWhat would I do without your smart mouth Drawing me in and you kicking me out? Got my head spinning, no kidding I can't pin you down What's going on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me But I'll be alright My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm outta my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll gives my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh How many times do I have to tell you Even when you're crying, you're beautiful too? The world is beating you down I'm around through every mood You're my downfall, you're my muse My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues I can't stop singing This ringing in my head for you My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all, all of you Cards on the table We're both showing hearts Risking it all though it's hard 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh I give you all of me, yeah And you give me all of you, ohIggy First things first, I'm the realest (realest) Drop this and let the whole world feel it (let 'em feel it) And I'm still in the Murda Bizness I can hold you down like I'm givin' lessons in physics (right, right) You should want a bad bitch like this (ha) Drop it low and pick it up just like this (yeah) Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris High heels, somethin' worth a half a ticket on my wrist (on my wrist) Takin' all the liquor straight, never chase that (never) Rooftop like we bringin' '88 back (What?) Bring the hooks in, where the bass at? Champagne spillin', you should taste that Charli I'm so fancy, you already know I'm in the fast lane from L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy, can't you taste this gold? Remember my name, 'bout to blow Iggy I said baby, I do this, I thought that you knew this Can't stand no haters and honest, the truth is And my flow retarded, they speak it, depart it Swagger on super, I can't shop at no department Better get my money on time, if they not money, decline And swear I meant that there so much that they give that line a rewind So get my money on time, if they not money, decline I just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind Now tell me, who that, who that? That do that, do that? Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that I be that I-G-G-Y, put my name in bold I been working, I'm up in here with some change to throw Charli I'm so fancy, you already know I'm in the fast lane from L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy, can't you taste this gold? Remember my name, 'bout to blow Trash the hotel Let's get drunk on the mini bar Make the phone call Feels so good getting what I want Yeah, keep on turning it up Chandelier swinging, we don't give a fuck Film star, yeah I’m deluxe Classic, expensive, you don't get to touch, ow! Iggy Still stunting, how you love that? Got the whole world asking how I does that Hot girl, hands off, don't touch that Look at that I bet you wishing you could clutch that That's just the way you like it, huh? You're so good, he's just wishing he could bite it, huh? Never turn down money Slaying these hoes gold trigger on a gun like Charli I'm so fancy, you already know I'm in the fast lane from L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy, can't you taste this gold? Remember my name, 'bout to blow Iggy and Charli Who that, who that? I-G-G-Y That do that, do that? I-G-G-Y Wow, who that, who that? I-G-G-Y (Blow...) Who that, who that? I-G-G-Y That do that, do that? I-G-G-Y Wow, who that, who that? I-G-G-Y (Blow...)Saturday morning, jumped out of bed And put on my best suit Got in my car and raced like a jet All the way to you Knocked on your door with heart in my hand To ask you a question 'Cause I know that you're an old-fashioned man Yeah, yeah Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life? Say yes, say yes, 'cause I need to know You say I'll never get your blessings till the day I die ‘Tough luck, my friend, but the answer is no!’ Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too? Why you gotta be so rude? I'm gonna marry her anyway Marry that girl Marry her anyway Marry that girl Yeah, no matter what you say Marry that girl And we'll be a family Why you gotta be so rude? I hate to do this, you leave no choice I can't live without her Love me or hate me we will be boys Standing at that altar Or we will run away To another galaxy, you know You know she's in love with me She will go anywhere I go Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life? Say yes, say yes, 'cause I need to know You say I'll never get your blessings till the day I die ‘Tough luck my friend 'cause the answer's still no!’ Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too? Why you gotta be so rude? I'm gonna marry her anyway Marry that girl Marry her anyway Marry that girl No matter what you say Marry that girl And we'll be a family Why you gotta be so rude? Can I have your daughter for the rest of my life? Say yes, say yes, 'cause I need to know You say I'll never get your blessings till the day I die ‘Tough luck my friend but no still means no!’ Why you gotta be so rude? Don't you know I'm human too? Why you gotta be so rude? I'm gonna marry her anyway Marry that girl Marry her anyway Marry that girl No matter what you say Marry that girl And we'll be a family Why you gotta be so rude? Why you gotta be so rude? Why? Why you gotta be so rude?I stay out too late Got nothin' in my brain That's what people say, mmh-hmm That's what people say, mmh-hmm I go on too many dates (heh-heh) But I can't make 'em stay At least that's what people say, mmh-hmm That's what people say, mmh-hmm But I keep cruisin' Can't stop, won't stop movin' It's like I got this music In my mind sayin', ‘it's gonna be all right’ 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I never miss a beat, ah I'm lightnin' on my feet And that's what they don't see, mmh-hmm That's what they don't see, mmh-hmm I'm dancin' on my own (dancin' on my own) I'll make the moves up as I go (moves up as I go) And that's what they don't know, mmh-hmm That's what they don't know, mmh-hmm But I keep cruisin' Can't stop, won't stop groovin' It's like I got this music In my mind sayin', ‘it's gonna be all right’ 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Hey, hey, hey Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world You could've been getting down to this sick beat My ex-man brought his new girlfriend She's like, ‘Oh my God’ But I'm just gonna shake And to the fella over there With the hella good hair Won't you come on over, baby We can shake, shake, shake Yeah, oh 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate (haters gonna hate) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break (mmm) And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake (they fake, they fake, they fake) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (you got to) I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo)Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Yeah it's pretty clear, I ain't no size two But I can shake it, shake it like I'm supposed to do 'Cause I got that boom boom that all the boys chase All the right junk in all the right places I see the magazines working that Photoshop We know that shit ain't real, come on now, make it stop If you got beauty beauty just raise 'em up 'Cause every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top Yeah, my mama she told me don't worry about your size She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey I'm bringing booty back Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that No, I'm just playing, I know you think you're fat But I'm here to tell you Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top Yeah, my mama she told me don't worry about your size She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Said I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Said I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Oh, I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass 'Bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey hey Hey, hey, ooh You know you like this bass YeahNice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things Magic, madness, heaven, sins Saw you there and I thought ‘Oh my God, look at that face!’ You look like my next mistake Love's a game, wanna play? New money, suit and tie I can read you like a magazine Ain't it funny, rumors fly And I know you heard about me So hey, let's be friends I'm dying to see how this one ends Grab your passport and my hand I can make the bad guys good for a weekend So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (mmm) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things Stolen kisses, pretty lies You're the king, baby, I'm your queen Find out what you want Be that girl for a month Wait, the worst is yet to come Oh no Screaming, crying, perfect storms I can make all the tables turn Rose garden filled with thorns Keep you second-guessing like ‘Oh my God, who is she?’ I get drunk on jealousy But you'll come back each time you leave 'Cause darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (mmm) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless (oh) We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (over) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far (ooh) It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name",

"Nice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things Magic, madness, heaven, sins Saw you there and I thought ‘Oh my God, look at that face!’ You look like my next mistake Love's a game, wanna play? New money, suit and tie I can read you like a magazine Ain't it funny, rumors fly And I know you heard about me So hey, let's be friends I'm dying to see how this one ends Grab your passport and my hand I can make the bad guys good for a weekend So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (mmm) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things Stolen kisses, pretty lies You're the king, baby, I'm your queen Find out what you want Be that girl for a month Wait, the worst is yet to come Oh no Screaming, crying, perfect storms I can make all the tables turn Rose garden filled with thorns Keep you second-guessing like ‘Oh my God, who is she?’ I get drunk on jealousy But you'll come back each time you leave 'Cause darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (mmm) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless (oh) We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (over) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far (ooh) It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your nameAw, ow! This hit, that ice cold Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold This one for them hood girls Them good girls, straight masterpieces Stylin', wilin' Livin' it up in the city Got Chucks on with Saint Laurent Gotta kiss myself, I'm so pretty I'm too hot (hot damn) Uh, call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (hot damn) Say my name, you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) And my band 'bout that money Break it down Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you (woo) ('Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch, come on! (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Stop, wait a minute Fill my cup, put some liquor in it Take a sip, sign the check Julio, get the stretch Ride to Harlem, Hollywood Jackson, Mississippi If we show up, we gon' show out Smoother than a fresh jar o' Skippy I'm too hot (hot damn) Call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (too hot, hot damn, hot damn) Bitch, say my name you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) Uh, and my band 'bout that money Break it down Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you (woo) ('Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch, come on! (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Before we leave Lemme tell y'all a lil' somethin' Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uh I said, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uh Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Come on, dance, jump on it If you sexy, then flaunt it If you freaky, then own it Don't brag about it, come show me Come on, dance, jump on it If you sexy, then flaunt it Well, it's Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me, just watch, come on (Ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (Ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (ah) Uptown funk you up (say what?) Uptown funk you up Aw, ow!It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Damn, who knew All the planes we flew Good things we been through That I'd be standing right here talking to you 'Bout another path I know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up look at things different see the bigger picture Those were the days Hard work forever pays Now I see you in a better place Ah How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (lemme tell you) When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh First, you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong And what's small turned to a friendship A friendship turned to a bond And that bond will never be broken The love will never get lost And when brotherhood come first Then the line will never be crossed Established it on our own When that line had to be drawn And that line is what we reached So remember me when I'm gone How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride So let the light guide your way, yeah Hold every memory as you go And every road you take Will always lead you home, home It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh When I see you again'Cause baby now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby now we've got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Did you have to do this? I was thinking that you could be trusted Did you have to ruin What was shining? Now it's all rusted Did you have to hit me? where I'm weak, baby, I couldn't breathe And rub it in so deep Salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Did you think we'd be fine? Still got scars on my back from your knife So don't think it's in the past These kind of wounds, they last and they last Now did you think it all through? All these things will catch up to you And time can heal but this won't So if you're coming my way, just don't Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show You live like that, you live with ghosts Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show You live like that, you live with ghosts Mmm, if you love like that blood runs cold 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, heyThis time a mystery check the history From you hear my voice it's no secret Cheerleader song but the words sing along No someone to dip on the remix Me a di a di girl inna the tight up skirt But ooh they call me cheerleader Pom poms in my hand when I sing dis song Oh maybe they turn on the speaker Say oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her When I need motivation, my one solution Is my queen 'cause she stay strong yeah yeah She's always in my corner right there when I want her All these other girls are tempting but I'm empty when you're gone And they say Do you need me Do you think I'm pretty Do I make you feel like cheating I'm like no not really (nuh uh) 'Cause oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her If its wrong I don't care I'mma right this Thinks you don't have me flying the highest Say what say what you want call me like it For the haters out there you can bite this I'mma walk like a model talk like a model Call me mischief may 'cause because I'mma model Been looking like say I won the lotto If I were a ooh then I'm off there singing like Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her She gives me love and affection Baby did I mention You're the only girl for me No I don't need no next one Mama loves you too She thinks I made the right selection All there's left to do is Ask the question Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need herAnd I know she'll be the death of me, at least we'll both be numb And she'll always get the best of me, the worst is yet to come But at least we'll both be beautiful and stay forever young This I know, yeah, this I know She told me, ‘Don't worry about it.’ She told me, ‘Don't worry no more.’ We both know we can't go without it She told me you'll never be alone, oh, oh, woo I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it, but I love it, oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it, but I love it, oh And I know she'll be the death of me, at least we'll both be numb And she'll always get the best of me, the worst is yet to come All the misery was necessary when we're deep in love This I know (this I know) , girl, I know She told me, ‘Don't worry about it.’ She told me, ‘Don't worry no more.’ We both know we can't go without it She told me you'll never be alone, oh, oh, woo I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it, but I love it, oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it, but I love it, oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (but I love it) , oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (but I love it) , oh She told me, ‘Don't worry about it.’ She told me, ‘Don't worry no more.’ We both know we can't go without it She told me you'll never be alone, oh, oh, woo I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (oh, I love it) , oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (but I love it) , oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (but I love it) , oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (when I'm with you) , but I love it (when I'm with you) , oh I can't feel my face HeyWhat do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said we're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? You're so indecisive of what I'm saying Trying to catch the beat make up your heart Don't know if you're happy or complaining Don't want for us to end, where do I start? First you wanna go to the left and you want to turn right Wanna argue all day, make love all night First you up and you're down and then between Oh, I really want to know What do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said you're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? You're overprotective when I'm leaving Trying to compromise but I can't win You wanna make a point but you keep preaching You had me from the start, won't let this end First you wanna go to the left, then you want to turn right Wanna argue all day, make love all night First you up and you're down and then between Oh, I really want to know What do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? I wanna know Oh, what do you mean? Said we're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh baby, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said you're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean?Your man on the road, he doing promo You said keep our business on the low-low I'm just tryna get you out the friend-zone 'Cause you look even better than the photos I can't find your house, send me the info Driving through the gated residential Found out I was coming, sent your friends home Keep on tryna hide it but your friends know I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe I'mma let you know and keep it simple Tryna keep it up don't seem so simple I just fucked two bitches 'fore I saw you And you gon' have to do it at my tempo Always tryna send me off to rehab Drugs start to feelin' like it's decaf I'm just tryna live life for the moment And all these motherfuckers want a relapse I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe Hills have eyes, the hills have eyes Who are you to judge, who are you to judge? Hide your lies, girl hide your lies Who are you to trust, who are you? I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe Yenefikir, ewedeshalo Yenefikir, fikir, fikir Yenefikir, fikir, fikir, fikir Ewedeshalo, ewedeshalo Yenefikir, fikir, fikir Yenefikir, fikir, fikir, fikirHello, it's me I was wondering if after all these years You'd like to meet To go over everything They say that time's supposed to heal ya But I ain't done much healing Hello, can you hear me? I'm in California dreaming about who We used to be When we were younger and free I've forgotten how it felt Before the world fell at our feet There's such a difference between us And a million miles Hello from the other side I must have called a thousand times To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside At least I can say that I've tried To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Hello, how are you? It's so typical of me to talk About myself, I'm sorry I hope that you're well Did you ever make it out of that town Where nothing ever happened? It's no secret that the both of us Are running out of time So hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Anymore Hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart AnymoreHey... I know what I came to do, and that ain't gonna change, So go ahead and talk your talk, 'cause I won't take the bait... I'm over here doing what I like, I'm over here working day and night, And if my real ain't real enough, I'm sorry for you, bae... Let's find a light inside our universe now Where ain't nobody keep on holding us down... Just come and get it, let them say what they say, 'Cause I'm about to put them all away... Focus on me! Fu-fu-focus on me! Ooh! Focus on me! Fu-fu-focus on me! Ooh! Focus on me! (Focus...) Fu-fu-focus on me! (Focus on me...) Ooh! Focus on me! (Focus...) Fu-fu-focus on me! (Focus on me...) Ooh! I can tell you're curious, it's written on your lips; Ain't no need to hold it back - go 'head and talk your shit... (Hey...) I know you're hopin' that I'll react (No...), I know you're hopin' I'm looking back, But if my real ain't real enough, then I don't know what is... Let's find a light inside our universe now Where ain't nobody keep on holding us down... (They won't keep on holdin' us down...) Just come and get it, let them say what they say, 'Cause I'm about to put them all away... Focus on me! (Hey!) Fu-fu-focus on me! (Me...) Ooh! Focus on me! (Oh...) Fu-fu-focus on me! Ooh! Focus on me! (Focus...) Fu-fu-focus on me! (Focus on me...) Ooh! Focus on me! (Focus...) Fu-fu-focus on me! (Focus on me...) Ooh! One, two, three - come on, girls. (Hey!) You know I like it... (Hey!) Ba-da-ba-ba, ba-da-da-da, da... (Focus on me!) Come on, now... now! (Focus on me!) Oh, oh, yeah... Let's find a light inside our universe now (They won't find us...) Where ain't nobody keep on holdin' us down... (They won't keep on holdin' us down...) Just come and get it, let them say what they say; (Let 'em say what they say!) 'Cause I'm about to put them all away... Focus on me! [Whoo! Hey!] Fu-fu-focus on me! Ooh! [You know I like it when you focus on me...] Focus on me! Fu-fu-focus on me! [Focus on me!] Ooh! Focus on me! (Focus...) [Oh, oh, yeah!] Fu-fu-focus on me! (Focus on me...) Ooh! [Now!] Focus on me! (Focus...) Fu-fu-focus on me! (Focus on me...) Ooh! Focus on me! Fu-fu-focus on me! [Focus on me...] Ooh! Focus on me! Fu-fu-focus on me! [Alright!] Ooh! Focus on me! (Focus...) Fu-fu-focus on me! (Focus on me...) Ooh! Focus on me! (Focus...) Fu-fu-focus on me! (Focus on me...) Ooh! Focus on me, bae!",

"
Hello, it's me I was wondering if after all these years You'd like to meet To go over everything They say that time's supposed to heal ya But I ain't done much healing Hello, can you hear me? I'm in California dreaming about who We used to be When we were younger and free I've forgotten how it felt Before the world fell at our feet There's such a difference between us And a million miles Hello from the other side I must have called a thousand times To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside At least I can say that I've tried To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Hello, how are you? It's so typical of me to talk About myself, I'm sorry I hope that you're well Did you ever make it out of that town Where nothing ever happened? It's no secret that the both of us Are running out of time So hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Anymore Hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart AnymoreYou gotta go and get angry at all of my honesty You know I try but I don't do too well with apologies I hope I don't run out of time, could someone call the referee? 'Cause I just need one more shot at forgiveness I know you know that I made those mistakes maybe once or twice And by once or twice I mean maybe a couple a hundred times So let me, oh let me redeem, oh redeem, oh myself tonight 'Cause I just need one more shot, second chances Is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry, yeah Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'll take every single piece of the blame if you want me to But you know that there is no innocent one in this game for two I'll go, I'll go and then you go, you go out and spill the truth Can we both say the words and forget this? Yeah, is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm not just trying to get you back on me, oh no 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry, oh Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?For all the times that you rained on my parade And all the clubs you get in using my name You think you broke my heart, oh girl for goodness sake You think I'm crying on my own, well I ain't And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself But when you told me that you hated my friends The only problem was with you and not them And every time you told me my opinion was wrong And tried to make me forget where I came from And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself For all the times that you made me feel small I fell in love, now I feel nothin' at all Had never felt so low when I was vulnerable Was I a fool to let you break down my walls? 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourselfClimb on board We'll go slow and high-tempo Light and dark Hold me hard and mellow I'm seeing the pain, seeing the pleasure Nobody but you, 'body but me, 'body but us Bodies together I'd love to hold you close, tonight and always I'd love to wake up next to you I'd love to hold you close, tonight and always I'd love to wake up next to you So we'll piss off the neighbors In the place that feels the tears The place to lose your fears Yeah, reckless behavior A place that is so pure, so dirty and raw Be in the bed all day, bed all day, bed all day Fucking you and fighting on It's our paradise and it's our war zone It's our paradise and it's our war zone Pillow talk My enemy, my ally Prisoners Then we're free, it's a thriller I'm seeing the pain, seeing the pleasure Nobody but you, 'body but me, 'body but us Bodies together I'd love to hold you close, tonight and always I'd love to wake up next to you I'd love to hold you close, tonight and always I'd love to wake up next to you So we'll piss off the neighbors In the place that feels the tears The place to lose your fears Yeah, reckless behavior A place that is so pure, so dirty and raw Be in the bed all day, bed all day, bed all day Fucking you, fighting on It's our paradise and it's our war zone It's our paradise and it's our war zone Paradise, paradise, paradise, paradise War zone, war zone, war zone, war zone Paradise, paradise, paradise, paradise War zone, war zone, war zone, war zone So we'll piss off the neighbors In the place that feels the tears The place to lose your fears Yeah, reckless behavior A place that is so pure, so dirty and raw Be in the bed all day, bed all day, bed all day Fucking you, fighting on It's our paradise and it's our war zone It's our paradise and it's our war zoneWork, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Join me, I deserved it No time to have you lurking If I got right then you might like it You know I dealt with you the nicest Nobody touch me, I'm the righteous Nobody text me in a crisis I believed all of your dreams are fruition You took my heart and my keys and my vision You took my heart off my sleeve, a decoration You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation All that I wanted from you was to give me Something that I never had Something that you've never seen Something that you've never been But I wake up and everything's wrong Just get ready for work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work Duh, duh, duh, duh For you I got Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah Before the tables turned, turned, turned, turned Begging, something please Baby, don't you leave Don't leave me stuck here in the streets (no, no) If I get another chance to I will never, no never neglect you I mean, who am I to hold your past against you? I just hope that it gets to you I hope that you see this through I hope that you see this true What can I say? Please recognize I'm trying baby I been work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that I work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Yeah, okay You need to get done, done, done, done That'll work, come over We just need that slow the motion Don't give that away to no one Long distance, I need you When I see potential I just gotta see it through If you had a twin I would still choose you I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon But I know you need to get done, done, done, done If you come over Sorry if I'm way less friendly I got niggas tryna end me Oh yeah, I spilled all my emotions tonight, I'm sorry Rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling How many more shots until you're rolling? We just need a face to face You could pick the time and the place You spent some time away Now you need to forward and give me all the Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Work, work, workThis what they all been waiting for I guess so They been waiting for this shit for a long time didn’t they I'mma give it everything I got Ayo Dougie park that X6 around the corner Aye I'm just feeling my vibe right now I'm feeling myself Panda, panda Panda, panda, panda, panda, panda I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and the Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Hitting off licks in the bando Black X6, Phantom White X6 looks like a panda Going out like I'm Montana Hundred killers, hundred hammers Black X6, Phantom White X6, panda Pockets swole, Danny Selling bar, candy Man I'm the macho like Randy The choppa go Oscar for Grammy Bitch nigga pull up ya panty Hope you killas understand me I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and the Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Hitting off licks in the bando Black X6, Phantom White X6 looks like a panda Going out like I’m Montana Hundred killers, hundred hammers Black X6, Phantom White X6, panda Pockets swole, Danny Selling bar, candy Man I'm the macho like Randy The choppa go Oscar for Grammy Bitch nigga pull up ya panty Hope you killas understand me Hey Panda, panda Panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and shit sipping Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Wake up Versace shit, life Desiigner Whole buncha lavish shit They be asking round town who be clappin' shit I pullin' up stuff in the Phantom ship I got plenty of stuff of Bugatti whip look how I drive this shit Black X6, Phantom White X6, killing on camera Pop a Perc, I can't stand up Gorilla, they come and kill you with bananas Four fillas, they finna pull up in the Phantom Know niggas, they come and kill you on the camera Big Rollie, it dancing bigger than a Pandie Go Oscar for Grammy, bitch pull up your panty Fill up I'mma flip it I got bitches pull up and they get it I got niggas that's counting for digits Say you make you a lot of new money Know some killers pull off and they in the Wraith CTD,pull up in the killer Bape Call up Phillip-Phillip, gon' fill the bank, niggas up in the bank We gon' drill the bank, fuck we gon' kill the bank, get it I got broads, yeah I get it I get cards yea I shitted, this how I live it Did it all for a ticket Now Flex drop bombs when he spin it And Bobby gon' trend it Jeff The Don doing business Zana Ray fucking up shit and she doin' her business I be getting to the chicken Counting to the chicken And all of my niggas gon' split it Panda, panda Panda, panda, panda, panda, panda I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and the Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Hitting off licks in the bando Black X6, Phantom White X6 looks like a panda Going out like I'm Montana Hundred killers, hundred hammers Black X6, Phantom White X6, panda Pockets swole, Danny Selling bar, candy Man I'm the macho like Randy The choppa go Oscar for Grammy Bitch nigga pull up ya panty Hope you killas understand me I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and the Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Hitting off licks in the bando Black X6, Phantom White X6 looks like a panda Going out like I’m Montana Hundred killers, hundred hammers Black X6, Phantom White X6, panda Pockets swole, Danny Selling bar, candy Man I'm the macho like Randy The choppa go Oscar for Grammy Bitch nigga pull up ya panty Hope you killas understand me Panda, panda Panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, pandaBaby, I like your style Grips on your waist Front way, back way You know that I don't play Streets not safe But I never run away Even when I'm away Oti, oti There's never much love when we go OT I pray to make it back in one piece I pray, I pray That's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me Baby, I like your style Strength and guidance All that I'm wishing for my friends Nobody makes it from my ends I had to bust up the silence You know you gotta stick by me Soon as you see the text, reply me I don't wanna spend time fighting We've got no time And that's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me Got a pretty girl and she love me long time Wine it, wine it, very long time Oh yeah, very long time Back up, back up, back up and wine it Back up, back up and wine it, girl Back up, back up, back up and wine it Oh yeah, very long time Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Tell me I need to know, where do you wanna go? 'Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow Make you lose control Where, where, where Where, where, where, where Oh yeah, very long time Where, where, where Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Where, where, where, where 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on meHey, I was doing just fine just before I met you I drank too much and that's an issue but I'm okay Hey, you tell your friends it was nice to meet them But I hope I never see them again I know it breaks your heart Moved to the city in a broke down car and Four years, no calls Now you're looking pretty in a hotel bar and I can't stop No, I can't stop So baby, pull me closer In the back seat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older You look as the good as the day as I met you I forget just why I left you, I was insane Stay and play that Blink-182 song That we beat to death in Tucson, okay? I know it breaks your heart I moved to the city in a broke down car and Four years, no calls Now you're looking pretty in a hotel bar and I can't stop No, I can't stop So baby, pull me closer In the backseat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older So baby, pull me closer In the backseat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older No we ain't ever getting olderCome on, come on, turn the radio on It's Friday night and I won't be long Gotta do my hair, put my make-up on It's Friday night and I won't be long Till I hit the dance floor Hit the dance floor I got all I need No, I ain't got cash I ain't got cash But I got you, baby Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing Come on, come on, turn the radio on It's Saturday and I won't be long Gotta paint my nails, put my high heels on It's Saturday and I won't be long Till I hit the dance floor Hit the dance floor I got all I need No, I ain't got cash I ain't got cash But I got you, baby Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing (I love cheap thrills) (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing, oh Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills)Black Beatles in the city be back immediately To confiscate the moneys Rae Sremm, Guwop, Mike WiLL! Sent flowers but you said you didn't receive them But you said you didn't need them That girl is a real crowd pleaser Small world, all her friends know me Young bull livin' like an old geezer Release the cash, watch it fall slowly Frat girls still tryna get even Haters mad for whatever reason Smoke in the air, binge drinkin' They lose it when the DJ drops the needle Gettin' so cold, I'm not blinkin' What in the world was I thinkin'? New day, new money to be made There is nothing to explain I'm a fuckin' black Beatle, cream seats in the Regal Rockin John Lennon lenses like to see 'em spread eagle Took a bitch to the club and let her party on the table Screamin' ‘everybody's famous’ Like clockwork, I blow it all And get some more Get you somebody that can do both Black Beatles got the babes belly rolling She think she love me, I think she trollin' That girl is a real crowd pleaser Small world, all her friends know me Young bull livin' like an old geezer Release the cash, watch it fall slowly Frat girls still tryna get even Haters mad for whatever reason Smoke in the air, binge drinkin' They lose it when the DJ drops the needle Came in with two girls, look like strippers in their real clothes A broke hoe can only point me to a rich hoe A yellow bitch with green hair, a real weirdo Black man, yellow Lamb', real life goals They seen that Guwop and them just came in through the side door There's so much money on the floor we buyin' school clothes Watch me break the money machine till her clothes fall Pint of lean, pound of weed, and a kilo I eurostep past a hater like I'm Rondo I upgrade your baby mama to a condo Like Chapos servin' yayo to the gringos Black Beatle, club close when I say so That girl is a real crowd pleaser Small world, all her friends know me Young bull livin' like an old geezer Release the cash, watch it fall slowly Frat girls still tryna get even Haters mad for whatever reason Smoke in the air, binge drinkin' They lose it when the DJ drops the needle She's a good teaser And we blowin' reefer Your body like a work of art, baby Don't fuck with me, I'll break your heart, baby Slim Jxmmi, I got a lot of flavor Fifteen hundred on my feet, I'm tryna kill these haters I got haters when I was broke, I'm rich, I still got haters I had hoes when I was broke, I'm rich, I'm still a player I wear leather Gucci jackets like its still the 80's I've been blowin' OG Kush, I feel a little sedated I can't worry about a broke nigga or a hater Black Beatle, bitch, me and Paul McCartney related That girl is a real crowd pleaser Small world, all her friends know me Young bull livin' like an old geezer Release the cash, watch it fall slowly Frat girls still tryna get even Haters mad for whatever reason Smoke in the air, binge drinkin' They lose it when the DJ drops the needle Mike Will man" ]

aussie = ["You would not believe your eyes If ten million fireflies Lit up the world as I fell asleep 'Cause they'd fill the open air And leave teardrops everywhere You'd think me rude, but I would just stand and stare I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems 'Cause I'd get a thousand hugs From ten thousand lightning bugs As they try to teach me how to dance A foxtrot above my head A sock hop beneath my bed A disco ball is just hanging by a thread I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems (When I fall asleep) Leave my door open just a crack (Please take me away from here) 'Cause I feel like such an insomniac (Please take me away from here) Why do I tire of counting sheep? (Please take me away from here) When I'm far too tired to fall asleep To ten million fireflies I'm weird 'cause I hate goodbyes I got misty eyes as they said farewell (They said farewell) But I'll know where several are If my dreams get real bizarre 'Cause I saved a few and I keep them in a jar (A jar) I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems (When I fall asleep) I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems (When I fall asleep) I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep Because my dreams are bursting at the seamsShawty's like a melody in my head That I can't keep out Got me singin' like Na na na na everyday It's like my iPod's stuck on replay Replay-ay-ay-ay Shawty's like a melody in my head That I can't keep out Got me singin' like ay! Na na na na everyday It's like my iPod's stuck on replay Replay Remember the first time we met You was at the mall wit yo friend I was scared to approach ya But then you came closer Hopin' you would give me a chance Who would have ever knew That we would ever be more than friends We're real worldwide, breakin' all the rules She like a song played again and again That girl - Like somethin' off a poster That girl - Is a dime they say That girl - Is the gun to my holster She's runnin' through my mind all day (Ay!) Shawty's like a melody in my head That I can't keep out Got me singin' like ay! Na na na na everyday It's like my iPod's  stuck on replay Replay-ay-ay-ay Shawty's like a melody in my head That I can't keep out Got me singin' like ay! Na na na na everyday It's like my iPod's stuck on replay Replay-ay-ay-ay See you been all around the globe Not once did you leave my mind We talk on the phone, from night til the morn Girl you really changed my life Doin' things I never do I'm in the kitchin cookin' things she likes We're real worldwide, breakin' all the rules Someday I wanna make you my wife That girl - Like somethin' off a poster That girl - Is a dime they say That girl - Is the gun to my holster She's runnin' through my mind all day (Ay!) Shawty's like a melody in my head That I can't keep out Got me singin' like ay! Na na na na everyday It's like my iPod's stuck on replay Replay-ay-ay-ay (Whoa) Shawty's like a melody in my head That I can't keep out Got me singin' like ay! Na na na na everyday It's like my iPod's  stuck on replay Replay-ay-ay-ay I can be your melody A girl that could write you a symphony The one that could fill your fantasies So come baby girl let's sing with me Ay! I can be your melody A girl that could write you a symphony The one that could fill your fantasies So come baby girl let's sing with me Ay! Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na Shawty got me singin' Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na Now she got me singin' Shawty's like a melody in my head That I can't keep out Got me singin' like ay! Na na na na everyday It's like my iPod's stuck on replay Replay-ay-ay-ay Shawty's like a melody in my head That I can't keep out Got me singin' like ay! Na na na na everyday It's like my iPod's stuck on replay Replay-ay-ay-ayJason Derülo. Beluga Heights. J. J. J. J. J. R. C'mon. Everybody's looking for love. Oh Ain't that the reason you're at this club? Oh You ain't gon' find it dancin' with him. No I got a better solution for you girl, oh. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (And we'll go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. I can see it going down, going down In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head You'll be screaming out In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, In my head. Yeah. In my head. Oh yeah. C'mon! Some dudes know all the right things to say. Oh When it comes down to it, it's all just game. sure Instead of talking let me demonstrate. Yeah (Yeah) Get down to business let's skip foreplay, ay yeah. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (We can go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. (Never known) I can see it going down, going down In my head, baby, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, In my head. Break it down. Ay-oh. Come on. Yeah. Ay-oh. Let's go. Uuh. Ay-oh. You singing to me baby in my head right now. Ay-oh. Ay-oh. Come on. Yeah. Uuh. Ay-oh. She'll be screaming out when it all goes down. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (We can go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. (Never known) I can see it going down, going down In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down. In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, It's going down in my head.Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Tonight, I'mma let you be the captain Tonight, I'mma let you do your thing, yeah Tonight, I'mma let you be a rider Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up, babe Tonight, I'mma let it be fire Tonight, I'mma let you take me higher Tonight, baby, we can get it on, yeah We can get it on, yeah Do you like it, boy? I want want want What you want want want Give it to me, baby Like boom, boom, boom What I want want want Is what you want want want, na na Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Tonight, I'mma give it to you harder Tonight, I'mma turn your body out Relax, let me do it how I wanna If you got it, I need it and I'mma put it down Buckle up, I'mma give it to you stronger Hands up, we can go a little longer Tonight, I'mma get a little crazy Get a little crazy, baby Like you, boy I want want want What you want want want Give it to me baby Like boom, boom, boom What I want want want Is what you want want want, na na Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) I like the way you touch me there I like the way you pull my hair Babe, if I don't feel it I ain't faking No, no I like when you tell me kiss it there I like when you tell me move it there So giddy up Time to giddy up You say you're a rude boy Show me what you got now Come here right now (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) Come here, rude boy, boy Can you get it up? Come here, rude boy, boy Is you big enough? (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Love me, love me) (Take it, take it) (Baby, baby) (Take it, take it) (Love me, love me)Hey, hey, hey Your lipstick stains On the front lobe of my left-side brains I knew I wouldn't forget ya And so I went and let you blow my mind Your sweet moonbeam The smell of you in every single dream I dream I knew when we collided, you're the one I have decided Who's one of my kind Hey, soul sister, ain't that Mr. Mister on the radio, stereo? The way you move ain't fair, you know Hey, soul sister, I don't wanna miss a single thing you do Tonight Hey, hey, hey Just in time I'm so glad you have a one-track mind like me You gave my life direction A game show love connection we can't deny I'm so obsessed My heart is bound to beat right out my untrimmed chest I believe in you; like a virgin, you're Madonna And I'm always gonna wanna blow your mind Hey, soul sister, ain't that Mr. Mister on the radio, stereo? The way you move ain't fair you know Hey, soul sister, I don't wanna miss a single thing you do Tonight The way you can cut a rug Watching you's the only drug I need You so gangster; I'm so thug You're the only one I'm dreaming of, you see I can be myself now, finally In fact, there's nothing I can't be I want the world to see you be with me Hey, soul sister, ain't that Mr. Mister on the radio, stereo? The way you move ain't fair you know Hey, soul sister, I don't wanna miss a single thing you do Tonight Hey, soul sister, I don't wanna miss a single thing you do Tonight Hey, hey, hey Tonight Hey, hey, hey, hey TonightJust say so Just say so Just say so Just say so Just say so Just say so verse 1. I see the look disappearing from your eyes, eyes yeah We complicate things every time we fight, fight yeah Painting pictures in my mind, mind yeah All this time I'm being blind, blind Well I tried so hard but it still goes on chorus. If you're going to leave me, don't hesitate, don't believe me Just say so, just say so Lovers cant be leaders, they need to scream feelings They say so, they say so verse 2. Damn feelings burning my spirit inside, inside yeah I'm half the man you can barely recognise, recognise Love can take me for a ride, ride yeah Turning tables changing times, times Well I tried so hard but it still goes on chorus If you're going to leave me, don't hesitate, don't believe me Just say so, just say so Lovers cant be leaders, they need to scream feelings They say so, they say so If you're going to leave me, don't hesitate, don't believe me Just say so, just say so Lovers cant be leaders, they need to scream feelings They say so, they say so verse 3. If you wanna feel like me, be like me yeah, me yea If you wanna figure out me, be like me yeah chorus. If you're going to leave me, don't hesitate, don't believe me Just say so, just say so Lovers cant be leaders, they need to scream feelings They say so, they say so If you're going to leave me, don't hesitate, don't believe me Just say so, just say so Lovers cant be leaders, they need to scream feelings They say so, they say so Just say so Just say so Just say so Just say so Just say so Just say soOh my gosh Baby, let me I did it again, so I'mma let the beat drop Oh my Baby, let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby, I can break you down There's so many ways to love ya Got me like, oh my gosh, so in love I found you finally, you make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh Oh oh, oh my gosh You make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh I fell in love with shawty when I seen her on the dance floor She was dancin' sexy, pop-pop-poppin', droppin', droppin' low Never, ever has a lady hit me on the first sight This was something special, this was just like dynamite Honey got a booty like pow, pow, pow Honey got some boobies like wow, oh, wow Girl, you know I'm lovin' your, lovin' your style Check, check, check, check, check-checkin' you out, like Oh, she got it all Sexy from her head to toe And I want it all and all and all Baby, let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby, I can break you down There's so many ways to love ya Got me like, oh my gosh, I'm so in love I found you finally, you make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh Oh oh, oh my gosh You make me want to say, you make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh Fell so hard for honey out of all the girls up in the club This one got me whipped just after one look, yep, I fell in love This one something special, this one just like dynamite Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, out of sight Fell in love with honey like my, oh my Honey, look, you're wonderful, fly, so fly Honey like a supermodel, my, oh my Baby, how you do that make a grown man cry Oh, baby, you got it all Sexy from her head to toe And I want it all and all and all So honey let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby, I can break it down There's so many ways to love ya Got me like, oh my gosh, I'm so in love I found you finally, you make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh Oh oh, oh my gosh Oh my gosh, oh my, oh my Oh, o-oh my gosh Oh my gosh I did it again, so I'mma let the beat drop O-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my my Oh my gosh O-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my my Oh my gosh O-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my my Oh my goshSnoop Dogg Greetings loved ones Let's take a journey. Katy Perry I know a place Where the grass is really greener Warm, wet, and wild There must be something in the water Sippin' gin and juice Laying underneath the palm trees (undone) The boys break their necks Tryin' to creep a little sneak peek (at us) You could travel the world But nothing comes close to the Golden Coast Once you party with us, you'll be falling in love Oh oh California girls, we're unforgettable Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle Oooh oh oooh California girls, we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent, now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh Sex on the beach We don't mind sand in our stilettos We freak in my Jeep Snoop Doggy Dogg on the stereo Oh oh You could travel the world But nothing comes close to the Golden Coast Once you party with us, you'll be falling in love Oh oooh California girls, we're unforgettable (California) Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle (ooh) Oooh oh oooh California girls (California), we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent (West Coast), now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh Snoop Dogg Toned, tan, fit, and ready Turn it up 'cause it's gettin' heavy Wild wild West Coast These are the girls I love the most I mean the ones I mean like she's the one Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns (ah) The girl's a freak She drive a Jeep And live on the beach I'm okay, I won't play I love the bay Just like I love L.A., Venice Beach and Palm Springs Summertime is everything Homeboys banging out All that ass hanging out Bikinis, zucchinis, martinis, no weenies Just a king and a queenie Katy my lady (yeah) You looking here baby (uh huh) I'm all up on ya 'Cause you representin' California (oh yeah) Katy Perry California girls, we're unforgettable Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle Oooh oh oooh (c'mon, c'mon) California girls, we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent (West Coast, West Coast), now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh (ey, ey) Snoop Dogg (California, California girls) California girls, man (California, California girls) I really wish you all could be California girlsRihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe I can't breathe but I still fight, while I can fight As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight High off her love, drunk from her hate, it's like I'm huffin' paint And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates Me, she fucking hates me and I love it, wait Where you going, I'm leaving you, no you ain't Come back, we're running right back here we go again It's so insane, 'cause when it's going good it's going great I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped ‘who's that dude?’, I don't even know his name I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again I guess I don't know my own strength Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe when you're with 'em You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em Got that warm fuzzy feelin', yeah them chills used to get 'em Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em You'd swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em Now you're in each others' face, spewing venom in your words when you spit 'em You push pull each others' hair, scratch claw bit 'em Throw 'em down pin 'em, so lost in them moments when you're in 'em It's the rage that took over, it controls ya both So they say you're best to go your separate ways, guess that they don't know ya 'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over But you promised her, next time you'll show restraint You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game But you lied again, now you get to watch her leave out the window Guess that's why they call it window pane Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : Now I know we said things, did things, that we didn't mean Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine But your temper's just as bad as mine is, you're the same as me But when it comes to love, you're just as blinded, baby please Come back, it wasn't you, baby it was me Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano All I know is I love you too much to walk away though Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the dry wall Next time, there will be no next time, I apologize Even though I know it's lies, I'm tired of the games I just want her back, I know I'm a liar If she ever tries to fuckin' leave again, I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lieI came to dance, dance, dance, dance I hit the floor 'Cause that's my plans, plans, plans, plans I'm wearing all my favorite brands, brands, brands, brands Give me some space for both my hands, hands, hands, hands Yeah, yeah 'Cause it goes on and on and on And it goes on and on and on, yeah I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite I came to move, move, move, move Get out the way of me and my crew, crew, crew, crew I'm in the club so I'm gonna do, do, do, do Just drop the phone came here to do, do, do, do Yeah, yeah 'Cause it goes on and on and on And it goes on and on and on, yeah I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite I'm gonna take it all I, I'm gonna be the last one standing Higher over all I, I'm gonna be the last one landing 'Cause I, I, I believe it And I, I, I, I just want it all I just want it all I'm gonna put my hands in the air Ha-hands in the air Put your hands in the air, air, air, air, a-a-air I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite",

"Easy come, easy go, that's just how you live Oh, take, take, take it all, but you never give Should've known you was trouble from the first kiss Had your eyes wide open, why were they open? Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash You tossed it in the trash, you did To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for you, baby But you won't do the same No, no, no, no Black, black, black and blue, beat me till I'm numb Tell the devil I said, hey, when you get back to where you're from Mad woman, bad woman, that's just what you are Yeah, you'll smile in my face then rip the brakes out my car Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash You tossed it in the trash, yes you did To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for ya, baby But you won't do the same If my body was on fire Ooh, you'd watch me burn down in flames You said you loved me, you're a liar 'Cause you never, ever, ever did, baby But darling, I'd still catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for you, baby But you won't do the same No, you won't do the same You wouldn't do the same Ooh, you never do the same No, no, no, noI am no angel I like it when you do that stuff to me I am no angel I like it when you talk, dirty when you talk [Dirty Talk] Kitten Heels, Lingerie, Pantyhose, foreplay, Legs up, on the bar, In the back of your car, Latex, champagne, Bubble bath, whipped cream, Cherry pop, tag team, Can you make me scream? I wanna do some dirty things to you tonight, I wanna fight, all through the night, night, night I am no angel I like it when you do that stuff to me I am no angel I like it when you talk, (talk) Dirty when you talk (talk) (Dirty Talk) Blindfold, feather bed, Tickle me, slippery, G spot, nasty pose, In a video. Love machine, by myself, Climax, hot wax S&M on the floor, I like it hardcore. I wanna do some dirty things to you tonight, I wanna fight, all through the night, night, night I am no angel I like it when you do that stuff to me I am no angel I like it when you talk, dirty when you talk I am no angel I like it when you do that stuff to me I am no angel I like it when you talk, dirty when you talk (Dirty Talk) Can you go down, Are you up for it, baby Can you turn me out, Are you up for it? Talk to me..talk to me.. Talk dirty to me.. talk dirty to me Talk to me..talk to me.. Talk dirty to me.. talk dirty to me (Dirty Talk) I am no angel I like it when you do that stuff to me I am no angel I like it when you talk, dirty when you talk I am no angel I like it when you do that stuff to me I am no angel I like it when you talk, dirty when you talk (Dirty Talk)Na na na, come on Na na na, come on Na na na na na, come on Na na na, come on, come on, come on Na na na na, come on Na na na, come on Na na na na na, come on Na na na, come on, come on, come on Na na na na Feels so good being bad (oh oh oh oh oh) There's no way I'm turning back (oh oh oh oh oh) Now the pain is my pleasure 'Cause nothing could measure (oh oh oh oh oh) Love is great, love is fine (oh oh oh oh oh) Outta box, outta line (oh oh oh oh oh) The affliction of the feeling Leaves me wanting more (oh oh oh oh oh) 'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it Sticks and stones may break my bones But chains and whips excite me 'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it Sticks and stones may break my bones But chains and whips excite me Na na na Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it (na na na) Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it Love is great, love is fine (oh oh oh oh oh) Outta box, outta line (oh oh oh oh oh) The affliction of the feeling Leaves me wanting more (oh oh oh oh oh) 'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it Sticks and stones may break my bones But chains and whips excite me Na na na Come on, come on, come on I like it like it Come on, come on, come on I like it like it (na na na) Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it S-S-S & M-M-M S-S-S & M-M-M Oh, I love the feeling you bring to me, oh, you turn me on It's exactly what I've been yearning for, give it to me strong And meet me in my boudoir Make my body say ah, ah, ah I like it like it 'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it Sticks and stones may break my bones But chains and whips excite me 'Cause I may be bad, but I'm perfectly good at it Sex in the air, I don't care, I love the smell of it Sticks and stones may break my bones But chains and whips excite me Na na na Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it (na na na) Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it Come on, come on, come on I like it, like it S-S-S & M-M-M S-S-S & M-M-M S-S-S & M-M-M S-S-S & M-M-MIt doesn't matter if you love him, or capital H-I-M (M, M, M, M) Just put your paws up 'Cause you were born this way, baby My mama told me when I was young We are all born superstars She rolled my hair and put my lipstick on In the glass of her boudoir ‘There's nothing wrong with loving who you are’ She said, ‘'Cause he made you perfect, babe.’ ‘So hold your head up girl and you'll go far. Listen to me when I say.’ I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't be a drag, just be a queen Don't be a drag, just be a queen Don't be a drag, just be a queen (Don't be, don't be, don't be) Give yourself prudence and love your friends Subway kid, rejoice your truth In the religion of the insecure I must be myself, respect my youth A different lover is not a sin Believe capital H-I-M, hey I love my life, I love this record and Mi amore vole fe yah (Love needs faith) I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way (Don't be) Don't be a drag, just be a queen Whether you're broke or evergreen You're black, white, beige, chola descent You're Lebanese, you're orient Whether life's disabilities Left you outcast, bullied or teased Rejoice and love yourself today 'Cause baby you were born this way No matter gay, straight or bi Lesbian, transgendered life I'm on the right track, baby I was born to survive No matter black, white or beige Chola or orient made I'm on the right track, baby I was born to be brave I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, yeah Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, hey Same D.N.A. But born this way Same D.N.A. But born this wayPitbull: J. Lo! The other side, out my mine Jennifer Lopez: It's a new generation (Mr. Worldwide) Of party people Pitbull: Now, Get on the floor, dale! Get on the floor (Red One!) Jennifer Lopez: Let me introduce you to my party people In the club,huh (-ho,-ho) Pitbull: I'm loose (-oose) And everybody knows I get off the train Baby, it's the truth (it's the truth) I'm like Inception , I play with your brain So don't sleep or snooze (snooze) I don't play no games so d-d-d-don't get it confused, no 'Cause you will lose, yeah Now p-p-p-pump it up And back it up like a Tonka truck, dale Jennifer Lopez: If you go hard, you gotta get on the floor (Whoa!) If you're a party freak then step on the floor (Yeah) If you're an animal then tear up the floor Break a sweat on the floor Yeah we work on the floor (Yeah) Don't stop, keep it moving Put your drinks up! (Whoa!) Pick your body up and drop it on the floor (Whoa!) Let the rhythm change your world on the floor You know we're running sh*t tonight on the floor Brazil, Morocco London to Ibiza Straight to L.A., New York Vegas to Africa (Dale!) Dance the night away Live your life and stay young on the floor Dance the night away Grab somebody, drink a little more (......It's about time, it's about time, it's about time) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(Whoa!) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(Hey,what's wrong?) I know you got it clap your hands on the floor (Whoa!) And keep on rockin', rock it up on the floor (Yeah) If you're a criminal, kill it on the floor Steal it quick on the floor ...On the floor, on the floor (Yeah) Don't stop, keep it moving Put your drinks up! (Whoa!) It's getting ill, it's getting sick on the floor (Whoa!) We never quit, we never rest on the floor (Yeah) If I ain't wrong we'll probably die on the floor Brazil, Morocco London to Ibiza Straight to L.A., New York Vegas to Africa (Dale!) Dance the night away Live your life and stay young on the floor (Now, dale, it's about time) Dance the night away Grab somebody, drink a little more (Dale, It's about time, it's about time, it's about time) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor (Hey, what's wrong?) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor (Ye-blaaaaaaaahh!......) Pitbull: That badonkadonk is like a trunk full of bass On an old school Chevy 7 trail donka truck All I need is some vodka and some chunka coke And watch a chicka get Donkey Konged Baby if you're ready for things to get heavy I get on the floor and act a fool if you let me (dale!) Don't believe me just vet me My name ain't Keith but I see why you Sweat me L.A., Miami, New York Say no more, get on the floor! (Whoa!) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor La la la... (Whoa!) Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(-or)!Party rock! Yeah! Whoo! Let's go! Party rock is in the house tonight Everybody just have a good time (yeah) And we gon' make you lose your mind (whoo!) Everybody just have a good time (clap) Party rock is in the house tonight (oh) Everybody just have a good time (and the feeling's alright) And we gon' make you lose your mind (yeah) We just wanna see ya shake dat! In the club, party rock Lookin' for ya girl, she on my jock, huh Non-stop when we in the spot Booty movin' way like she own the block, whoo Where the drink? I gots to know Tight jeans, tattoo, 'cause I'm rock 'n' roll Half-black half-white domino Gain the money - Op-e-doe Yo, I'm runnin' through these hoes like Drano I got that devilish flow, rock 'n' roll, no halo We party rock! Yeah, that's the crew that I'm reppin' On the rise to the top, no ‘Led’ in our ‘Zeppelin’, hey Party rock is in the house tonight (whoo) Everybody just have a good time (yeah) And we gon' make you lose your mind Everybody just have a good time (let's go) Party rock is in the house tonightEverybody just have a good time (and we feelin' right) And we gon' make you lose your mind We just wanna see ya shake dat! Everyday I'm shufflin' Shufflin', shufflin' Step up fast And be the first girl to make me throw this cash We gettin' money, don't be mad And now stop - ...hatin' is bad One more shot for us, another round Please fill up my cup, don't mess around We just wanna see you shake it now Now you're home with me, you're naked now Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound (whoo) Put your hands up to the sound Put your hands up to the sound (let's go) Get up, get up, get up, get up Get up, get up, get up, get up (yeah) Get up, put your hands up to the sound To the sound (whoo!) Put your hands up, put your hands up Put your hands up, put your hands up Party rock is in the house tonight (put your hands up) (whoo) Everybody just have a good time (put your hands up) And we gon' make you lose your mind Everybody just have a good-good-good time Oh (put your hands up) Oh (I can feel it man) Oh (put your hands up) Oh (put your hands up) Shake dat! Everyday I'm shuff-fuf-fullin' Put your, put your Put your, put your (yeah!) Put your, put your (whoo) Put your, put your ..your hands up ..your hands up Put your hands up Every day I'm shufflin'I heard that you're settled down That you found a girl and you're married now I heard that your dreams came true Guess she gave you things I didn't give to you Old friend, why are you so shy? Ain't like you to hold back or hide from the light I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah You know how the time flies Only yesterday was the time of our lives We were born and raised in a summer haze Bound by the surprise of our glory days I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah Nothing compares, no worries or cares Regrets and mistakes, they're memories made Who would have known how bittersweet this would taste? Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah...Now and then I think of when we were together Like when you said you felt so happy you could die Told myself that you were right for me But felt so lonely in your company But that was love and it's an ache I still remember You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness Like resignation to the end, always the end So when we found that we could not make sense Well you said that we would still be friends But I'll admit that I was glad it was over But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over But had me believing it was always something that I'd done But I don't wanna live that way Reading into every word you say You said that you could let it go And I wouldn't catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Somebody I used to know Somebody Now you're just somebody that I used to know Somebody I used to know Somebody Now you're just somebody that I used to know I used to know That I used to know I used to know SomebodyYeah, yeah When I walk on by, girls be looking like ‘Damn, he fly!’ I pay to the beat, walking down the street in my new Le Freak, yeah This is how I roll, animal print pants outta control It's Redfoo with the big afro And like Bruce Leroy I got the glow Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out When I walk in the spot, this is what I see Everybody stops and they staring at me I got a passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it Show it, show it, show it I'm sexy and I know it I'm sexy and I know it, yo When I'm at the mall, security just can't fight them off And when I'm at the beach, I'm in a Speedo trying to tan my cheeks, (what?) This is how I roll, come on ladies it's time to go We headed to the bar, baby don't be nervous No shoes, no shirt and I still get service (what?) Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out When I walk in the spot, this is what I see Everybody stops and they staring at me I got a passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it Show it, show it, show it I'm sexy and I know it, hey I'm sexy and I know it Check it out Check it out Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah yeah Do the wiggle, man I do the wiggle, man, yeah I'm sexy and I know it Hey, yeah Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out I'm sexy and I know itI got my T-shirt and Sneakers on No one to mess around with fate It feels so wrong I'm gonna live it up tonightForgeting those who dim My light Lets go back to Rock and Roll When people just let go And let the music flow I'm just looking for a Good Night, Oh I'm not looking for the right time, no What I really wanna say to you right now Shut your mouth and let the music speak out loud I'm just looking for a Good Night I think you get the picture now Yeah, I think you know What I'm all about I got no time for fools Who think they're playing cool My ears have tuned you out Let's go back to Rock and Roll When people just let go And let the music flow I'm just looking for a Good Night, Oh I'm not looking for the right time, No What I really wanna say to you right now Shut your mouth and let the music speak out loud I'm just looking for a Good Night, Oh I'm not looking for the right time, No What I really wanna do is shut you up! Cause all you do is talk the talk and that's enough Now we're gonna get up Now we're gonna get up Just let yourself lose control Let the music take hold Everybody get up Everybody get up It's time that you know How to let it go Let's go back to Rock and Roll Where the music just flows And everybody knows I'm just looking for a Good Night, Oh (Good Night) I'm not looking for the right time, No.(for the right time) What I really wanna say to you right now (what I really wanna say) Shut your mouth and let the music speak out loud (let the music speak out loud) I'm just looking for a Good Night, Oh (good night) I'm not looking for the right time, No (the right time) What I really wanna do is shut you up! (do is shut you up) Cause all you do is talk the talk and that's enough I'm just looking for a good night",

"Yeah, yeah When I walk on by, girls be looking like ‘Damn, he fly!’ I pay to the beat, walking down the street in my new Le Freak, yeah This is how I roll, animal print pants outta control It's Redfoo with the big afro And like Bruce Leroy I got the glow Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out When I walk in the spot, this is what I see Everybody stops and they staring at me I got a passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it Show it, show it, show it I'm sexy and I know it I'm sexy and I know it, yo When I'm at the mall, security just can't fight them off And when I'm at the beach, I'm in a Speedo trying to tan my cheeks, (what?) This is how I roll, come on ladies it's time to go We headed to the bar, baby don't be nervous No shoes, no shirt and I still get service (what?) Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out When I walk in the spot, this is what I see Everybody stops and they staring at me I got a passion in my pants and I ain't afraid to show it Show it, show it, show it I'm sexy and I know it, hey I'm sexy and I know it Check it out Check it out Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah yeah Do the wiggle, man I do the wiggle, man, yeah I'm sexy and I know it Hey, yeah Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body Girl, look at that body I work out I'm sexy and I know it[Sia] Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooh If I took you home, it'd be a home run Show me how you'll do I want to shut down the club with you Hey I heard you like the wild ones, oooh [Flo Rida] I like crazy, foolish, stupid Party going wild, fist pumping music, I might lose it Blast through the roof, That's how we do's it, do's it, do's it I don't care tonight, she don't care We like almost there, the right vibe Ready to get live, ain't no surprise Take me so high, jumping those dives Surfin' the crowd Oooh oooh Said I gotta be the man, I'm the head of my fam, Mike check, one two, oooh Shut them down in the club when the Playboy does, And they all get loose, loose Out the bottle, we all get bent and again tomorrow Gotta break rules 'cause that's the motto Club shut down, a hundred supermodels [Sia] Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooh If I took you home, it'd be a home run Show me how you'll do I want to shut down the club with you Hey I heard you like the wild ones, oooh [Flo Rida] Party rocker, fo' sho' stopper More shampoo Number one club popper Got a hangover like too much vodka Can't see me with ten binoculars So cool No doubt by the end of the night Got the clothes coming off Then I make that move Somehow, someway, gotta raise the roof, roof All black shades when the sun come through Oh, it's on like everything goes Riled up baby to the freaky show What happens to that body is a private show Stays right here, pri-private show I like 'em untamed, don't tell me 'bout pain Tell 'em this, bottoms up with the champagne My life, coming harder than we hit play Do you busy with the bail, were you insane? [Sia] Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooh If I took you home, it'd be a home run Show me how you'll do I want to shut down the club with you Hey I heard you like the wild ones, oooh I am a wild one, break me in Saddle me up and let's begin I am a wild one, tame me now Running with wolves, and I'm on the prowl [Flo Rida] I show you another side of me A side you would never thought you'd see Tear up that body, dominate you, till you had enough I heard you like the wilds, don't lie [Sia] Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooh If I took you home, it'd be a home run Show me how you'll do I want to shut down the club with you Hey I heard you like the wild ones, oooh I am a wild one, break me in Saddle me up and let's begin I am a wild one, tame me now Running with wolves, and I'm on the prowlGive me a second I, I need to get my story straight My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State My lover, she is waiting for me just across the bar My seat's been taken by some sunglasses asking 'bout a scar And I know I gave it to you months ago I know you're trying to forget But between the drinks and subtle things The holes in my apologies, you know I'm tryin' hard to take it back So if by the time the bar closes And you feel like falling down I'll carry you home Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Now, I know that I'm not all that you got I guess that I, I just thought Maybe we could find new ways to fall apart But our friends are back So let's raise a toast 'Cause I found someone to carry me home Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Just carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Just carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) The moon is on my side I have no reason to run So will someone come and carry me home tonight? The angels never arrived But I can hear the choir So will someone come and carry me home? Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun So if by the time the bar closes And you feel like falling down I'll carry you home tonightI threw a wish in the well Don't ask me, I'll never tell I looked to you as it fell And now you're in my way I trade my soul for a wish Pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this But now you're in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're going, baby? Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe You took your time with the call I took no time with the fall You gave me nothing at all But still, you're in my way I beg and borrow and steal Have foresight, and it's real I didn't know I would feel it But it's in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're going, baby? Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad I missed you so bad, I missed you so, so bad Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad And you should know that, I missed you so, so bad It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad I missed you so bad, I missed you so, so bad Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad And you should know that, so call me maybeCan you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Let me know Girl I'm gonna show you how to do it And we start real slow You just put your lips together And you come real close Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Here we go Look, I'm betting you like Bebop And I'm betting you love freak mode And I'm betting you like girls that give love to girls And stroke your little ego I bet you I'm guilty, your honor (honor) That's just how we live in my genre (genre) When the hell them plait the rope wider? There's only one Flo, and one Rida I'm a damn shame, order more champagne Pull a damn hamstring, try'na put it on ya Let your lips spin back around cover Slow it down baby, take a little longer Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Let me know Girl I'm gonna show you how to do it And we start real slow You just put your lips together And you come real close Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Here we go Whistle baby, whistle baby Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby Whistle baby, whistle baby Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby It's like everywhere I go My whistle ready to blow Shorty don't leave a note She can get any by the low Permission not approved It's okay, it's under control Show me soprano 'Cause girl you can handle Baby we start snagging You come up in part clothes Girl I'm the whistle man My Bugatti the same road Show me your perfect pitch You got it, my banjo Talented with your lips Like you blew out the candles So amusing (musing) Now you can make a whistle with the music (music) Hope you ain't got no issue, you can do it (do it) Give in if it no fiction, never lose it (lose it) Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Let me know Girl I'm gonna show you how to do it And we start real slow You just put your lips together And you come real close Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Here we go Whistle baby, whistle baby, Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby Whistle baby, whistle baby, Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby Go girl you can twerk it Let me see you whistle while you work it I'mma lay it back, don't stop it 'Cause I love it how you drop it, drop it, drop it on me Now, shorty let that whistle blow, oh, oh, oh Yeah, baby make that whistle blow, oh, oh Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Let me know Girl I'm gonna show you how to do it And we start real slow You just put your lips together And you come real close Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Here we go Whistle baby, whistle baby Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby Whistle baby, whistle baby Whi-whistle baby, whistle babySome nights, I stay up cashing in my bad luck Some nights, I call it a draw Some nights, I wish that my lips could build a castle Some nights, I wish they'd just fall off But I still wake up, I still see your ghost Oh Lord, I'm still not sure what I stand for oh What do I stand for? What do I stand for? Most nights, I don't know anymore Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah oh oh Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah oh oh This is it, boys, this is war What are we waiting for? Why don't we break the rules already? I was never one to believe the hype Save that for the black and white I try twice as hard and I'm half as liked But here they come again to jack my style And that's alright I found a martyr in my bed tonight She stops my bones from wondering just who I am, who I am, who I am Oh, who am I? mmm, mmm Well, some nights, I wish that this all would end 'Cause I could use some friends for a change And some nights, I'm scared you'll forget me again Some nights, I always win, I always win But I still wake up, I still see your ghost Oh Lord, I'm still not sure what I stand for, oh What do I stand for? What do I stand for? Most nights, I don't know (come on) So this is it? I sold my soul for this? Washed my hands of that for this? I miss my mom and dad for this? No. When I see stars, when I see, when I see stars, that's all they are When I hear songs, they sound like a swan, so come on Oh, come on Oh, come on Oh, come on Well, this is it guys, that is all Five minutes in and I'm bored again Ten years of this, I'm not sure if anybody understands This one is not for the folks at home Sorry to leave, mom, I had to go Who the fuck wants to die alone All dried up in the desert sun? My heart is breaking for my sister And the con that she call ‘love’ But when I look into my nephew's eyes Man, you wouldn't believe the most amazing things that can come from Some terrible nights Ahh, ahh Ahh, ahh Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah, oh oh Oh woah, oh woah, oh woah, oh oh The other night, you wouldn't believe the dream I just had about you and me I called you up, but we'd both agree It's for the best you didn't listen It's for the best we get our distance, oh It's for the best you didn't listen It's for the best we get our distance, ohBoom Boom! It's gettin' hot in here Boom Boom! It's gettin' hot in here Boom Boom! It's gettin' hot in here Boom Boom! It's gettin' hot in here Ok the gang's all here and everything feels alright. Ladies, the drinks on me Yeah we can do the shots all night, that's right. I'm on that shit and it's about to go go down all night. We ain't gon' quit and all I need is a few more chicks. Let's go! Ladies be dropping so low man. It's hot in here and we got money to blow oh-oh The party is rockin' The whole crew is poppin' We on this We got this Let's go oh-oh Calling all sexy girls All around the world Looking airplane fly Up on cloud nine Damn you so sexy Ohh and the things you do Drive me outta my my my mind 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom New York to Cali Boom Boom London, Miami Boom Boom Them girls be slamming Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom Rio, Dubai Boom Boom Moscow, Mumbai Boom Boom So sexy fly Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom Damn girl you're a ten, oh my and you keep looking at me No wings but you so fly If you got a man tell him bye bye bye Ladies be droppin' so low man. It's hot in here and we got money to blow oh-oh The party is rockin' The whole crew is poppin' We on this We got tihs Let's go oh-oh Calling all sexy girls All around the world Looking airplane fly Up on cloud nine Damn you so sexy Ohh and the things you do Drive me outta my my my mind 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom New York to Cali Boom Boom London, Miami Boom Boom Them girls be slamming Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom Rio, Dubai Boom Boom Moscow, Mumbai Boom Boom So sexy fly Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom! It's gettin hot in here (X2) Boom Boom! It's gettin hot in here Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom! It's gettin hot in here (X2) Boom Boom! It's gettin hot in here Boom Boom Yeah Calling all sexy girls All around the world Looking airplane fly Up on cloud nine Damn you so sexy Ohh and the things you do Drive me outta my my my mind 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom New York to Cali Boom Boom London, Miami Boom Boom Them girls be slamming Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom Rio, Dubai Boom Boom Moscow, Mumbai Boom Boom So sexy fly Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom New York to Cali Boom Boom London, Miami Boom Boom Them girls be slamming Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom Boom Rio, Dubai Boom Boom Moscow, Mumbai Boom Boom So sexy fly Boom Boom 'Cause the body goes Boom Boom BoomLupe Fiasco: Hope the wound heals but it never does That’s ’cause you at war with love You at war with love, yeah Guy Sebastian: These battle scars don’t look like they’re fading Don’t look like they’re ever going away They ain’t never gonna change These battle... Lupe Fiasco: Never let a wound ruin me But I feel like ruins wooing me Arrow holes that never close from cupid on a shooting spree Feeling stupid ’cause I know it ain’t no you and me But when you’re trying to beat the odds up Been trying to keep your nods up and you know that you should know And let her go but the fear of the unknown Holding another lover strong sends you back into the zone With no Tom Hanks to bring you home A lover not a fighter on the frontline with a poem Trying to write yourself a rifle, maybe sharpen up a song To fight the tanks and drones of you being alone Guy Sebastian: I wish I never looked, I wish I never touched I wish that I could stop loving you so much ’Cause I’m the only one that’s trying to keep us together When all of the signs say that I should forget her I wish you weren’t the best, the best I ever had I wish that the good outweighed the bad ’Cause it’ll never be over until you tell me it’s over These battle scars, don’t look like they’re fading Don’t look like they’re ever going away They ain’t never gonna change These battle scars, don’t look like they’re fading Don’t look like they’re ever going away They ain’t never gonna change These battle… Lupe Fiasco: (And just leave then) You shouldn’t have but you said it (And I hope you never come back) It shouldn’t have happened but you let it Now you’re down on the ground screaming ‘Medic!’ The only thing that comes is the post-traumatic stresses Shields, body armors and vests Don’t properly work, that’s why you’re in a locker full of hurt The enemy within and all the fires from your friends The best medicine is to probably just let her win Guy Sebastian: I wish I couldn’t feel, I wish I couldn’t love I wish that I could stop ’cause it hurts so much And I’m the only one that’s trying to keep us together When all of the signs say that I should forget her I wish you weren’t the best, the best I ever had I wish that the good outweighed the bad ’Cause it’ll never be over until you tell me it’s over These battle scars, don’t look like they’re fading Don’t look like they’re ever going away They ain’t never gonna change These battle scars, don’t look like they’re fading Don’t look like they’re ever going away They ain’t never gonna change These battle… ’Cause you’ve set me on fire I’ve never felt so alive, yeah Lupe Fiasco: Now hope wounds heal but it never does That’s because you at war with love Guy Sebastian: And I’m at the point of breaking And it’s impossible to shake it Lupe Fiasco: See, you hoped the wound heals but it never does That’s ’cause you at war with love Hope it heals but it never does That’s ’cause you at war with love Guy Sebastian: These battle scars, don’t look like they’re fading Don’t look like they’re ever going away They ain’t never gonna change These battle scars, don’t look like they’re fading Don’t look like they’re ever going away They ain’t never gonna change These battle scars, don’t look like they’re fading Don’t look like they’re ever going away I ain’t never gonna change These battle… Lil' Wayne Young Moll-ah baby!오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 낮에는 따사로운 인간적인 여자 커피 한잔의 여유를 아는 품격 있는 여자 밤이 오면 심장이 뜨거워지는 여자 그런 반전 있는 여자 나는 사나이 낮에는 너만큼 따사로운 그런 사나이 커피 식기도 전에 원샷 때리는 사나이 밤이 오면 심장이 터져버리는 사나이 그런 사나이 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 지금부터 갈 데까지 가볼까 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 정숙해 보이지만 놀 땐 노는 여자 이때다 싶으면 묶었던 머리 푸는 여자 가렸지만 웬만한 노출보다 야한 여자 그런 감각적인 여자 나는 사나이 점잖아 보이지만 놀 땐 노는 사나이 때가 되면 완전 미쳐버리는 사나이 근육보다 사상이 울퉁불퉁한 사나이 그런 사나이 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 지금부터 갈 데까지 가볼까 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 뛰는 놈 그 위에 나는 놈 Baby baby 나는 뭘 좀 아는 놈 뛰는 놈 그 위에 나는 놈 Baby baby 나는 뭘 좀 아는 놈 You know what I'm saying 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 오빤 강남스타일Hey, Macklemore, can we go thrift shopping? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Ow, ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome Now, walk into the club like ‘What up? I got a big cock!’ Nah, I'm just pumped, bought some shit from a thrift shop (Ho!) Ice on the fringe is so damn frosty The people like ‘Damn, that's a cold-ass honky!’ Rolling in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine Dressed in all pink except my gator shoes, those are green (Ho!) Draped in a leopard mink, girl standing next to me Probably shoulda washed this, smells like R. Kelly's sheets (Piss) But shit, it was ninety-nine cents! Bag it, copping it, washing it, 'bout to go and get some compliments Passing up on those moccasins someone else been has walking in Bummy and grudgy, fucking it, I am stunting and flossing and Saving my money and I'm hella happy, that's a bargain, bitch Imma take your grandpa's style Imma take your grandpa's style No for real, ask your grandpa Can I have his hand-me-downs? (Thank you!) Velour jumpsuit and some house slippers Dookie brown leather jacket that I found, dig it They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard I bought a skeet blanket, then I bought a knee board (Ho!) Hello, hello, my ace man, my Mello John Wayne ain't got nothing on my fringe game, hell no I could take some Pro Wings, make them cool, sell those The sneaker heads would be like ‘Ah, he got the Velcros!’ (Ho!) I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome Ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome What you know about rocking a wolf on your noggin? What you knowing about wearing a fur fox skin? (Ho!) I'm digging, I'm digging, I'm searching right through that luggage One man's trash, that's another man's come up (Ho!) Thank your granddad for donating that plaid button- Up shirt, 'cause right now, I'm up in here stuntin' I'm at the Goodwill, you can find me in the (Uptons) I'm that, I'm that sucker searching in this section (Uptons) Your grammy, your aunty, your momma, your mammy I'll take those flannel zebra jammies, secondhand and rock that motherfucker The built-in onesie with the socks on that motherfucker I hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker (Ho!) They be like ‘Oh that Gucci, that's hella tight!’ I'm like ‘Yo, that's fifty dollars for a t-shirt!’ Limited edition, let's do some simple addition Fifty dollars for a t-shirt, that's just some ignorant bitch shit I call that getting swindled and pimped, shit I call that getting tricked by a business (Ho!) That shirt's hella dough And having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella don't (Ho!) Peep game, come take a look through my telescope Trying to get girls from a brand, man, you hella won't (Ho!) Man, you hella won't Ho! (Goodwill... poppin' tags... yeah) Ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome (Ho!) I'll wear your granddad's clothes I look incredible I'm in this big ass coat From that thrift shop down the road I wear your granddad's clothes (damn right) I look incredible (Now, c'mon, man) I'm in this big ass coat (big ass coat) From that thrift shop down the road (let's go) I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome (Ho!) Ha, ha, ha Is that your grandma's coat?",

"Hey, Macklemore, can we go thrift shopping? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Ow, ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome Now, walk into the club like ‘What up? I got a big cock!’ Nah, I'm just pumped, bought some shit from a thrift shop (Ho!) Ice on the fringe is so damn frosty The people like ‘Damn, that's a cold-ass honky!’ Rolling in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine Dressed in all pink except my gator shoes, those are green (Ho!) Draped in a leopard mink, girl standing next to me Probably shoulda washed this, smells like R. Kelly's sheets (Piss) But shit, it was ninety-nine cents! Bag it, copping it, washing it, 'bout to go and get some compliments Passing up on those moccasins someone else been has walking in Bummy and grudgy, fucking it, I am stunting and flossing and Saving my money and I'm hella happy, that's a bargain, bitch Imma take your grandpa's style Imma take your grandpa's style No for real, ask your grandpa Can I have his hand-me-downs? (Thank you!) Velour jumpsuit and some house slippers Dookie brown leather jacket that I found, dig it They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard I bought a skeet blanket, then I bought a knee board (Ho!) Hello, hello, my ace man, my Mello John Wayne ain't got nothing on my fringe game, hell no I could take some Pro Wings, make them cool, sell those The sneaker heads would be like ‘Ah, he got the Velcros!’ (Ho!) I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome Ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome What you know about rocking a wolf on your noggin? What you knowing about wearing a fur fox skin? (Ho!) I'm digging, I'm digging, I'm searching right through that luggage One man's trash, that's another man's come up (Ho!) Thank your granddad for donating that plaid button- Up shirt, 'cause right now, I'm up in here stuntin' I'm at the Goodwill, you can find me in the (Uptons) I'm that, I'm that sucker searching in this section (Uptons) Your grammy, your aunty, your momma, your mammy I'll take those flannel zebra jammies, secondhand and rock that motherfucker The built-in onesie with the socks on that motherfucker I hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker (Ho!) They be like ‘Oh that Gucci, that's hella tight!’ I'm like ‘Yo, that's fifty dollars for a t-shirt!’ Limited edition, let's do some simple addition Fifty dollars for a t-shirt, that's just some ignorant bitch shit I call that getting swindled and pimped, shit I call that getting tricked by a business (Ho!) That shirt's hella dough And having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella don't (Ho!) Peep game, come take a look through my telescope Trying to get girls from a brand, man, you hella won't (Ho!) Man, you hella won't Ho! (Goodwill... poppin' tags... yeah) Ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome (Ho!) I'll wear your granddad's clothes I look incredible I'm in this big ass coat From that thrift shop down the road I wear your granddad's clothes (damn right) I look incredible (Now, c'mon, man) I'm in this big ass coat (big ass coat) From that thrift shop down the road (let's go) I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome (Ho!) Ha, ha, ha Is that your grandma's coat?Macklemore: When I was in the third grade I thought that I was gay 'Cause I could draw, my uncle was And I kept my room straight I told my mom, tears rushing down my face She's like, ‘Ben, you've loved girls since before pre-K’ Trippin', yeah, I guess she had a point, didn't she? A bunch of stereotypes all in my head I remember doing the math like ‘Yeah, I'm good at little league’ A preconceived idea of what it all meant For those who liked the same sex, had the characteristics The right-wing conservatives think it's a decision And you can be cured with some treatment and religion Man-made, rewiring of a predisposition Playing God Ah nah, here we go ‘America the brave’ still fears what we don't know And ‘God loves all His children’ is somehow forgotten But we paraphrase a book written thirty-five hundred years ago I don't know Mary Lambert: And I can't change Even if I tried Even if I wanted to And I can't change Even if I tried Even if I wanted to My love, my love, my love She keeps me warm She keeps me warm She keeps me warm She keeps me warm Macklemore: If I was gay, I would think hip-hop hates me Have you read the YouTube comments lately? ‘Man, that's gay’ gets dropped on the daily We've become so numb to what we're saying Our culture founded from oppression Yeah, we don't have acceptance for 'em Call each other faggots behind the keys of a message board A word rooted in hate, yet our genre still ignores it ‘Gay’ is synonymous with the lesser It's the same hate that's caused wars from religion Gender to skin color, the complexion of your pigment The same fight that led people to walk-outs and sit-ins It's human rights for everybody, there is no difference Live on and be yourself When I was in church, they taught me something else If you preach hate at the service, those words aren't anointed And that holy water that you soak in has been poisoned When everyone else is more comfortable remaining voiceless Rather than fighting for humans that have had their rights stolen I might not be the same But that's not important No freedom 'til we're equal Damn right I support it I don't know Mary Lambert: And I can't change Even if I tried Even if I wanted to And I can't change Even if I tried Even if I wanted to My love, my love, my love She keeps me warm She keeps me warm She keeps me warm She keeps me warm Macklemore: We press play Don't press pause Progress, march on With a veil over our eyes We turn our back on the cause 'Til the day that my uncles can united by law Kids are walkin' around the hallway Plagued by pain in their heart A world so hateful Someone would rather die than be who they are And a certificate on paper isn't gonna solve it all But it's a damn good place to start No law's gonna change us We have to change us Whatever god you believe in, we come from the same one Strip away the fear, underneath it's all the same love About time that we raised up Mary Lambert: And I can't change Even if I tried Even if I wanted to And I can't change Even if I tried Even if I wanted to My love, my love, my love She keeps me warm She keeps me warm She keeps me warm She keeps me warm Love is patient, love is kind Love is patient, love is kind (not crying on Sundays) Love is patient (not crying on Sundays) Love is kind (I'm not crying on Sundays) Love is patient (not crying on Sundays) Love is kind (not crying on Sundays) Love is patient (not crying on Sundays) Love is kind (I'm not crying on Sundays) Love is patient, love is kindRight from the start You were a thief, you stole my heart And I your willing victim I let you see the parts of me That weren't all that pretty And with every touch you fixed them Now you've been talking in your sleep, oh, oh Things you never say to me, oh, oh Tell me that you've had enough Of our love, our love Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again I'm sorry, I don't understand Where all of this is coming from I thought that we were fine (Oh, we had everything) Your head is running wild again My dear, we still have everythin' And it's all in your mind (Yeah, but this is happening) You've been havin' real bad dreams, oh, oh You still lie so close to me, oh, oh There's nothing more than empty sheets Between our love, our love Oh, our love, our love, oh Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again I never stopped You're still written in the scars On my heart, you're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Our tear ducts and rust I'll fix it for us We're collecting dust But our love's enough You're holding it in You're pouring a drink No, nothing is as bad as it seems We'll come clean Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Oh, we can learn to love again Oh, we can learn to love again Oh-oh, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love againWell you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go And you let her go Staring at the bottom of your glass Hoping one day, you'll make a dream last But dreams come slow and they go so fast You see her when you close your eyes Maybe one day you'll understand why Everything you touch surely dies But you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go Staring at the ceiling in the dark Same old empty feeling in your heart 'Cause love comes slow and it goes so fast Well you see her when you fall asleep But never to touch and never to keep 'Cause you loved her too much and you dived too deep Well you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go And you let her go And you let her go Well you let her go 'Cause you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go 'Cause you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go And you let her goEverybody get up Ooh Everybody get up (hey, hey, hey) (Hey, hey, hey) Oh (Hey, hey, hey) Wooh Turn it up If you can't hear what I'm trying to say If you can't read from the same page Maybe I'm going deaf (hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm going blind (hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm out of my mind (hey, hey, hey) (Everybody get up) Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature Just let me liberate you (hey, hey, hey) You don't need no papers (hey, hey, hey) That man is not your maker (hey, hey, hey) And that's why I'm gon' take a good girl I know you want it I know you want it I know you want it You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (oh yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted I hate these blurred lines I know you want it (yeah) I know you want it (oh yeah yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl (hey) The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty (hey, hey, hey) Go ahead, get at me (Everybody get up) (come on) What do they make dreams for When you got them jeans on? What do we need steam for? You the hottest bitch in this place! I feel so lucky (hey, hey, hey) You wanna hug me (hey, hey, hey) What rhymes with hug me? (hey, hey, hey) (Everybody get up) Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature (a-ha) Just let me liberate you (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) You don't need no papers (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) That man is not your maker (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) And that's why I'm gon' take a good girl I know you want it (ooh) I know you want it (hey, hey) I know you want it (ooh) You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (ooh) (yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted (Everybody get up) I hate these blurred lines (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it But you're a good girl (good girl) The way you grab me (Hustle Gang, Homie) Must wanna get nasty (Let go, I said rock) Go ahead, get at me One thing I ask you Let me be the one you back that ass into (come on) Go from Malibu to Paribu Yeah, I had a bitch, but she ain't bad as you So hit me up when you passing through I'll give you something big enough to tear your ass in two Swag on, even when you dress casual I mean it's not almost unbearable Then, honey, you're not there when I'm With my foresight bitch you pay me by Nothing like your last guy, he too square for you He don't smack that ass and pull your hair like that So I jail watch (jail watch) Hand wave (hand wave) for you to salute And choose but you didn't pick Not many women can refuse this pimpin' But I'm a nice guy, but you get it if you get with me Shake the vibe, get down (Ooh) Get up Do it like it hurt Like it hurt What you doing like work Hey yeah, hey (everybody get up) Baby, can you breathe? I got this from Jamaica It always works for me Dakota to Decatur (a-ha) No more pretending (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) 'Cause now you in it (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) Here's our beginning (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) I always wanted a good girl I know you want it (ooh) (hey) I know you want it I know you want it (ooh) You're a good girl (hey, yeah) Can't let it get past me (ooh) (hey yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted I hate these blurred lines (everybody get up) I know you want it (ooh) (hey) I know you want it (oh yeah, yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl (hey) The way you grab me (ooh) Must wanna get nasty (hey, hey, hey) Go ahead, get at me (ooh) Everybody get up (ooh) Everybody get up (ooh) Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey (ooh) Hey, hey, heyFeeling my way through the darkness Guided by a beating heart I can't tell where the journey will end But I know where to start They tell me I'm too young to understand They say I'm caught up in a dream My life will pass me by if I don't open up my eyes So that's fine by me So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I'm older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I'm older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost I tried carrying the weight of the world But I only have two hands Hope I get the chance to travel the world But I don't have any plans Wish that I could stay forever this young Not afraid to close my eyes Life's a game made for everyone And love is the prize So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I’m older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I’m older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost I didn't know I was lost I didn't know I was lost I didn't know I was lost I didn't know I was lostI used to bite my tongue and hold my breath Scared to rock the boat and make a mess So I sat quietly Agreed politely I guess that I forgot I had a choice I let you push me past the breaking point I stood for nothing So I fell for everything You held me down, but I got up Already brushing off the dust You hear my voice, you hear that sound Like thunder, gonna shake the ground You held me down, but I got up Get ready 'cause I've had enough I see it all, I see it now I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter Dancin' through the fire 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar Now I'm floatin' like a butterfly Stinging like a bee, I earned my stripes I went from zero To my own hero You held me down, but I got up Already brushing off the dust You hear my voice, you hear that sound Like thunder, gonna shake the ground You held me down, but I got up Get ready 'cause I've had enough I see it all, I see it now I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter Dancin' through the fire 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh (hey) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (you'll hear me roar) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar Roar, oh, roar, oh, roar I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter (I got the eye of the tiger) Dancin' through the fire (dancin' through the fire) 'Cause I am the champion (yeah) And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion (roar louder) 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar (you're gonna hear me roar) ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (yeah) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar (roar) ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (you'll hear me roar) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar (hear me roar)I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy I wanted the fame, but not the cover of Newsweek Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey Wanted to receive attention for my music Wanted to be left alone, public excuse me Been wanting my cake and eat it too, wanting it both ways Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated When I blew seep it was confusing 'Cause all I wanted to do is be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam Ooh, hit the lottery, oh wee With what I gave up to get was bittersweet It was like winning a huge meet Ironic 'cause I think I'm getting so huge I need a shrink I'm beginning to lose sleep, one sheep, two sheep Going cuckoo and cuckier as Kool Keith But I'm actually weirder than you think, 'cause I'm Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing Eminem : Now I ain't much of a poet But I know somebody once told me to seize the moment And don't squander it 'Cause you never know when it could all be over Tomorrow so I keep conjuring Sometimes I wonder where these thoughts spawn from (Yeah, ponder it, Do you want this? No wonder you're losing your mind, the way it wanders.) Yodel-odel-ay-hee-hoo! I think you've been wandering off Down yonder and stumbled upon Jeff VanVonderen 'Cause I needed an intervention in this To intervene between me and this monster And save me from myself and all this conflict 'Cause the very things that I love is killing me and I can't conquer it My OCD is conking me in the head Keep knocking, nobody's home, I'm sleepwalking I'm just relaying what the voice of my head saying Don't shoot the messenger, I'm just friends with the Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothing Eminem : Call me crazy but I had this vision One day that I'd walk amongst you a regular civilian But until then drums get killed I'm coming straight at MCs, blood get spilled And I take it back to the days that I get on a Dre track Give every kid who got played that Pumped the feelin' and shit that say back To the kids who played 'em I ain't here to save the fucking children, but if one kid Out of a hundred million Who are going through a struggle feels it and relates that's great It's payback, Russell Wilson falling way back in the draft Turn nothing into something, still can make that Straw in the gold chump I will spend Rumpelstiltskin in a hay stack Maybe I need a straitjacket, face facts I am nuts for real, but I'm okay with that It's nothing, I'm still friends with the Rihanna : I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You trying to save me, stop holding your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothing Well, that's nothingWhat would I do without your smart mouth Drawing me in and you kicking me out? Got my head spinning, no kidding I can't pin you down What's going on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me But I'll be alright My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm outta my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll gives my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh How many times do I have to tell you Even when you're crying, you're beautiful too? The world is beating you down I'm around through every mood You're my downfall, you're my muse My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues I can't stop singing This ringing in my head for you My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all, all of you Cards on the table We're both showing hearts Risking it all though it's hard 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh I give you all of me, yeah And you give me all of you, ohEvery time that you get undressed I hear symphonies in my head I wrote this song just looking at you oh, oh Yet the drums they swing low And the trumpets they go Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da They go Is it weird that I hear Violins whenever you’re gone? Whenever you’re gone Is it weird that your ass Remind me of a Kanye West song? Kanye West song Is it weird that I hear Trumpets when you’re turning me on? Turning me on Is it weird that your bra Remind me of a Katy Perry song? Every time that you get undressed I hear symphonies in my head I wrote this song just looking at you oh, oh Yet the drums they swing low And the trumpets they go And the trumpets they go Yeah the trumpets they go Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da They go Is it weird that I hear Angels every time that you moan? Time that you moan Is it weird that your eyes Remind me of a Coldplay song? Coldplay song Is it weird that I hear Trumpets when you’re turning me on? Turning me on Every time that you get undressed I hear symphonies in my head I wrote this song just looking at you oh, oh Yet the drums they swing low And the trumpets they go And the trumpets they go Yeah the trumpets they go Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da They go",

"It might seem crazy what I'm 'bout to say Sunshine she's here, you can take a break I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space With the air, like I don't care baby by the way Huh (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do Here come bad news talkin' this and that (Yeah) Well, give me all you got and don't hold it back (Yeah) Well, I should probably warn you I'll be just fine (Yeah) No offense to you, don't waste your time Here's why (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Hey, come on) (Uh) (Happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Uh, say what? Huh) (Happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Huh) (Happy) Bring me down, I said (Let me tell you now) (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Happy, happy, happy, happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy) Bring me down, I said (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do, yeah (Hey, come on) (Uh) (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Happy, happy, happy, happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy) Bring me down, I said (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you, ay ay ay (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you want to do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you, hey, hey (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do Huh, come onCan you feel it? Now it's coming back We can steal it If we bridge this gap I can see you Through the curtains of the waterfall When I lost it Yeah you held my hand But I tossed it Didn't understand You were waiting As I dove into the waterfall So say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Can you feel my love? Bombs away Bombs away Bombs away Can you feel (my love, my love, my love, my love, my love) my love? Bombs away Bombs away Bombs away Say Geronimo! Well we rushed it Moving way too fast And we crushed it But it's in the past We can make this leap Through the curtains of the waterfall So say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Can you feel (my love, my love, my love, my love, my love) my love? Bombs away Bombs away Bombs away Can you feel (my love, my love, my love, my love, my love) my love? Bombs away Bombs away Bombs away Well I'm just a boy With a broken toy All lost and coy At the curtains of the waterfall So it's here I stand As a broken man But I've found my friend At the curtains of the waterfall Now I'm falling down Through the crashing sound And you've come around At the curtains of the waterfall And you rushed to me And it sets us free So I fall to my knees At the curtains of the waterfall So say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Say Geronimo! Bombs away Bombs away Bombs away (Say Geronimo!) Say Geronimo! Make this leap Make this leap Make this leap Make this leap Can you feel my love?At the end of the day Some you win, some you don’t So I’m glad that I’m here With some friends that I know Always there with a smile Saying you’re not alone Singing la la la la Que sera (Here we go, yo) Yesterday is history (oh) You gotta get through it Tomorrow is a mystery So let’s just do it And even when the rain falls You and I will stand tall No matter what you go through I’ll never leave you So you gotta be strong (strong) Live by the words of the song (song) Together is where we belong (long) Never stop dreaming Keep holding on At the end of the day Some you win, some you don’t So I’m glad that I’m here With some friends that I know Always there with a smile Saying you’re not alone Singing la la la la Que sera When it’s been a long day Had enough, given up, it ain’t okay We don’t care what the world say We spread love it’s the only way So you gotta be strong (strong) Live by the words of the song (song) Together is where we belong (long) Never stop dreaming Keep holding on At the end of the day Some you win, some you don’t So I’m glad that I’m here With some friends that I know Always there with a smile Saying you’re not alone Singing la la la la Que sera We keep falling, but the world keeps spinning And I might stop winning, just as long as I got you by my side We keep falling, but the world keeps spinning And I might stop winning, but I know that we’re gonna be alright At the end of the day Some you win, some you don’t So I’m glad that I’m here With some friends that I know Always there with a smile Saying you’re not alone Singing la la la la Que sera At the end of the day Some you win, some you don’t So I’m glad that I’m here With some friends that I know Always there with a smile Saying you’re not alone Singing la la la la Que sera At the end of the day Some you win, some you don’t So I’m glad that I’m here With some friends that I know Always there with a smile Saying you’re not alone Singing la la la la Que sera At the end of the day Some you win, some you don’t So I’m glad that I’m here With some friends that I know Always there with a smile Saying you’re not alone Singing la la la la Que seraI want you to know It’s time to go Yeah, we are done I want you to see That I need, oh, to be free (Done done done done done done) We are done (Done done done done done done) We are... Done with being a silent many Every voice rings out and carries No, we won’t just go back Home without you hearing The sound when the many say We are done You, first brought the sun (sun) For everyone here to see Why (why?) does it always change To guns and chains eventually? (Done done done done done done) We are done (Done done done done done done) We are... Done with being a silent many Every voice rings out and carries No, we won’t just go back Home without you hearing The sound when the many say We are done with being a silent many Every voice rings out and carries No, we won’t just go back Home without you hearing The sound when the many say We are done (Done done done done done done) We are done (Done done done done done done) We are doneI tell myself you don't mean a thing And what we got, got no hold on me But when you're not there I just crumble I tell myself I don't care that much But I feel like I've died, 'til I feel your touch Only love, only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Must have been a deadly kiss Only love can hurt like this Say I wouldn't care if you walked away But every time you're there I'm begging you to stay And when you come close I just tremble And every time, every time you go It's like a knife that cuts right to my soul Only love, only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Must have been a deadly kiss Only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Your kisses burn into my skin Only love can hurt like this But it's the sweetest pain Burning hot through my veins Love is torture makes me more sure Only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Must have been a deadly kiss Only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Your kisses burn into my skin Only love can hurt like this (Only love can hurt like this) Only love can hurt like this (Only love can hurt) Save me, save me Only love, only love 'Cause only love can hurt like this And it must have been a deadly kissBecause you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Yeah it's pretty clear, I ain't no size two But I can shake it, shake it like I'm supposed to do 'Cause I got that boom boom that all the boys chase All the right junk in all the right places I see the magazines working that Photoshop We know that shit ain't real, come on now, make it stop If you got beauty beauty just raise 'em up 'Cause every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top Yeah, my mama she told me don't worry about your size She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey I'm bringing booty back Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that No, I'm just playing, I know you think you're fat But I'm here to tell you Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top Yeah, my mama she told me don't worry about your size She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Said I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Said I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Oh, I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass 'Bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey hey Hey, hey, ooh You know you like this bass YeahI stay out too late Got nothin' in my brain That's what people say, mmh-hmm That's what people say, mmh-hmm I go on too many dates (heh-heh) But I can't make 'em stay At least that's what people say, mmh-hmm That's what people say, mmh-hmm But I keep cruisin' Can't stop, won't stop movin' It's like I got this music In my mind sayin', ‘it's gonna be all right’ 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I never miss a beat, ah I'm lightnin' on my feet And that's what they don't see, mmh-hmm That's what they don't see, mmh-hmm I'm dancin' on my own (dancin' on my own) I'll make the moves up as I go (moves up as I go) And that's what they don't know, mmh-hmm That's what they don't know, mmh-hmm But I keep cruisin' Can't stop, won't stop groovin' It's like I got this music In my mind sayin', ‘it's gonna be all right’ 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Hey, hey, hey Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world You could've been getting down to this sick beat My ex-man brought his new girlfriend She's like, ‘Oh my God’ But I'm just gonna shake And to the fella over there With the hella good hair Won't you come on over, baby We can shake, shake, shake Yeah, oh 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate (haters gonna hate) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break (mmm) And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake (they fake, they fake, they fake) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (you got to) I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo)Job well done Standing ovation Yeah you got what you wanted I guess you won And I don't want to hear They don't know you like I do Even I could've told you But now we're done Cause you play me like a symphony Play me til your fingers bleed I'm your greatest masterpiece You ruin me Later when the curtain's drawn And no one's there for you back home Don't cry to me you played me wrong You ruin me I know you thought That I wouldn't notice You were acting so strange I'm not that dumb And in the end I hope she was worth it I don't care if you loved me You make me numb Cause you play me like a symphony Play me til your fingers bleed I'm your greatest masterpiece You ruin me Later when the curtain's drawn And no one's there for you back home Don't cry to me you played me wrong You ruin me We're that song you wouldn't sing Just a broken melody You're killing me You play me like a symphony Play me til your fingers bleed I'm your greatest masterpiece You ruin me Later when the curtain's drawn And no one's there for you back home Don't cry to me you played me wrong You ruin meWhen your legs don't work like they used to before And I can't sweep you off of your feet Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks And darling I will be loving you till we're seventy And baby my heart could still fall as hard at twenty-three And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe just the touch of a hand Oh me I fall in love with you every single day And I just wanna tell you I am So honey now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are When my hair's all but gone and my memory fades And the crowds don't remember my name When my hands don't play the strings the same way I know you will still love me the same 'Cause honey your soul can never grow old It's evergreen And baby your smile's forever in my mind and memory And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe it's all part of a plan I'll just keep on making the same mistakes Hoping that you'll understand But baby now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are So baby now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Oh darling, place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are Oh maybe we found love right where we are And we found love right where we areAw, ow! This hit, that ice cold Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold This one for them hood girls Them good girls, straight masterpieces Stylin', wilin' Livin' it up in the city Got Chucks on with Saint Laurent Gotta kiss myself, I'm so pretty I'm too hot (hot damn) Uh, call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (hot damn) Say my name, you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) And my band 'bout that money Break it down Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you (woo) ('Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch, come on! (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Stop, wait a minute Fill my cup, put some liquor in it Take a sip, sign the check Julio, get the stretch Ride to Harlem, Hollywood Jackson, Mississippi If we show up, we gon' show out Smoother than a fresh jar o' Skippy I'm too hot (hot damn) Call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (too hot, hot damn, hot damn) Bitch, say my name you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) Uh, and my band 'bout that money Break it down Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you (woo) ('Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch, come on! (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Before we leave Lemme tell y'all a lil' somethin' Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uh I said, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uh Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Come on, dance, jump on it If you sexy, then flaunt it If you freaky, then own it Don't brag about it, come show me Come on, dance, jump on it If you sexy, then flaunt it Well, it's Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me, just watch, come on (Ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (Ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (ah) Uptown funk you up (say what?) Uptown funk you up Aw, ow!",

"Aw, ow! This hit, that ice cold Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold This one for them hood girls Them good girls, straight masterpieces Stylin', wilin' Livin' it up in the city Got Chucks on with Saint Laurent Gotta kiss myself, I'm so pretty I'm too hot (hot damn) Uh, call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (hot damn) Say my name, you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) And my band 'bout that money Break it down Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you (woo) ('Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturdaynight and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch, come on! (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Stop, wait a minute Fill my cup, put some liquor in it Take a sip, sign the check Julio, get the stretch Ride to Harlem, Hollywood Jackson, Mississippi If we show up, we gon' show out Smoother than a fresh jar o' Skippy I'm too hot (hot damn) Call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (too hot, hot damn, hot damn) Bitch, say my name you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) Uh, and my band 'bout that money Break it down Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you (woo) ('Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch, come on! (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Before we leave Lemme tell y'all a lil' somethin' Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uh I said, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uh Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Come on, dance, jump on it If you sexy, then flaunt it If you freaky, then own it Don't brag about it, come show me Come on, dance, jump on it If you sexy, then flaunt it Well, it's Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me, just watch, come on (Ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (Ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (ah) Uptown funk you up (say what?) Uptown funk you up Aw, ow!This time a mystery check the history From you hear my voice it's no secret Cheerleader song but the words sing along No someone to dip on the remix Me a di a di girl inna the tight up skirt But ooh they call me cheerleader Pom poms in my hand when I sing dis song Oh maybe they turn on the speaker Say oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her When I need motivation, my one solution Is my queen 'cause she stay strong yeah yeah She's always in my corner right there when I want her All these other girls are tempting but I'm empty when you're gone And they say Do you need me Do you think I'm pretty Do I make you feel like cheating I'm like no not really (nuh uh) 'Cause oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her If its wrong I don't care I'mma right this Thinks you don't have me flying the highest Say what say what you want call me like it For the haters out there you can bite this I'mma walk like a model talk like a model Call me mischief may 'cause because I'mma model Been looking like say I won the lotto If I were a ooh then I'm off there singing like Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her She gives me love and affection Baby did I mention You're the only girl for me No I don't need no next one Mama loves you too She thinks I made the right selection All there's left to do is Ask the question Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need her Oh I think that I found myself a cheerleader She's always right there when I need herYou're the light, you're the night You're the color of my blood You're the cure, you're the pain You're the only thing I wanna touch Never knew that it could mean so much, so much You're the fear, I don't care 'Cause I've never been so high Follow me through the dark Let me take you past our satellites You can see the world you brought to life, to life So love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Fading in, fading out On the edge of paradise Every inch of your skin is a holy grail I've gotta find Only you can set my heart on fire, on fire Yeah, I'll let you set the pace 'Cause I'm not thinking straight My head's spinning around, I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? I'll let you set the pace 'Cause I'm not thinking straight My head's spinning around, I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do (Ah) What are you waiting for?I got bills I gotta pay So I'ma gon' work, work, work every day I got mouths I gotta feed, So I'ma gon' make sure everybody eats I got bills! All these bills pile up my desk They looking like a mount' ( Everest ) All the little kids run around I can hear their stomachs growl ( Grrr ) It's a full moon out And my girl just keep on howlin' ( ooww ) she said she gonna leave me if I don't home with fifty thousand ( Dollars ) God damn, god damn, god damn, god damn Oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man God damn, oh man, god damn, oh man I got bills I gotta pay So I'm gon' work, work, work every day I got mouths I gotta feed So I'm gon' make sure everybody eats I got bills Woke up and I bumped my head Stubbed my toe on the edge of the bed Opened the fridge and the food all gone Neighbor damn dog done crapped on my lawn Hopped in the car and the car won't start It's too damn hot but I still gotta walk Behind an old lady in the grocery line Praying that my card don't get declined God damn, god damn, god damn, god damn Oh man, oh man, oh man, oh man God damn, oh man, god damn, oh man I got bills I gotta pay So I'm gon' work, work, work every day I got mouths I gotta feed So I'm gon' make sure everybody eats I got! And my shoes, my shoes I said my shoes! Ain't got no soul I got bills I gotta pay So I'm gon' work, work, work every day I got mouths I gotta feed So I'm gon' make sure everybody eats I got bills I gotta pay So I'm gon' work, work, work every day I got mouths I gotta feed So I'm gon' make sure everybody eats I got bills. (Mama got bills! Yo' daddy got bills! Yo' sister got bills! Yo' auntie got bills!) I got bills. (Uncle got bills! Everybody got bills! Everybody got bills!)It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Damn, who knew All the planes we flew Good things we been through That I'd be standing right here talking to you 'Bout another path I know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up look at things different see the bigger picture Those were the days Hard work forever pays Now I see you in a better place Ah How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (lemme tell you) When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh First, you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong And what's small turned to a friendship A friendship turned to a bond And that bond will never be broken The love will never get lost And when brotherhood come first Then the line will never be crossed Established it on our own When that line had to be drawn And that line is what we reached So remember me when I'm gone How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride So let the light guide your way, yeah Hold every memory as you go And every road you take Will always lead you home, home It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh When I see you again'Cause baby now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby now we've got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Did you have to do this? I was thinking that you could be trusted Did you have to ruin What was shining? Now it's all rusted Did you have to hit me? where I'm weak, baby, I couldn't breathe And rub it in so deep Salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Did you think we'd be fine? Still got scars on my back from your knife So don't think it's in the past These kind of wounds, they last and they last Now did you think it all through? All these things will catch up to you And time can heal but this won't So if you're coming my way, just don't Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show You live like that, you live with ghosts Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show You live like that, you live with ghosts Mmm, if you love like that blood runs cold 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, heyI found myself dreaming of Silver and gold Like a scene from a movie That every broken heart knows We were walking on moonlight And you held me close Split second and you disappeared And then I was all alone I woke up in tears With you by my side A breath of relief And I realized No, we're not promised tomorrow So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you And I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye Wherever we're standing I won't take you for granted 'Cause we'll never know when, when we'll run out of time So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you In the blink of an eye Just a whisper of smoke You could lose everything The truth is you never know So I'll kiss you longer baby Any chance that I get And I'll make the most of the minutes And love with no regrets So let's take the time to say what we want Here's what we got before it's all gone No, we're not promised tomorrow So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you And I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye Wherever we're standing I won't take you for granted 'Cause we'll never know when, when we'll run out of time So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you Hey Whoa So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you And I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye Wherever we're standing I won't take you for granted 'Cause we'll never know when, when we'll run out of time So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you Yeah, yeah Like I'm gonna lose youWhat do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said we're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? You're so indecisive of what I'm saying Trying to catch the beat make up your heart Don't know if you're happy or complaining Don't want for us to end, where do I start? First you wanna go to the left and you want to turn right Wanna argue all day, make love all night First you up and you're down and then between Oh, I really want to know What do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said you're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? You're overprotective when I'm leaving Trying to compromise but I can't win You wanna make a point but you keep preaching You had me from the start, won't let this end First you wanna go to the left, then you want to turn right Wanna argue all day, make love all night First you up and you're down and then between Oh, I really want to know What do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? I wanna know Oh, what do you mean? Said we're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh baby, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said you're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean?I went to the moped store, said ‘fuck it’ Salesman like ‘What up, what's your budget?’ And I'm like ‘Honestly, I don't know nothing about mopeds’ He said ‘I got the one for you, follow me’ Oh it's too real Chromed out mirror, I don't need a windshield But on a seat, how can it be on two wheels Eight hundred cash, that's a hell of a deal I'm headed Downtown, cruising through the alley Tip-toeing in the street like Dally Pulled up, moped to the valley Whitewalls on the wheels like mayonnaise Dope, my crew is ill, and all we need is two good wheels Got gas in the tank, cash in the bank And a bad little mama with her ass in my face I'mma lick that, stick that, break her off, Kit-Kat Snuck her in backstage, you don't need a wristband Dope Killing the game, 'bout to catch a body Passed the Harley, Dukie own a Ducati Timbaland, Khaled, Scott Storch, Birdman God damn man, everybody got Bugattis But I'mma keep it hella 1987 Head into the dealership and drop a stack and cop a Kawasaki I'm stunting on everybody, hella raw, pass the wasabi I'm so low that my scrotum's almost dragging on the concrete My seat is leather, alright, I'm lying, it's pleather But girl, we could still ride together You don't need an Uber, you don't need a cab Fuck a bus pass, you got a moped man She got 1988 Mariah Carey hair Very rare, mom jeans on her derriere Throwing up the West Side as we tear in the air Stopping by pipe place, throwing fish to a player Downtown, downtown (Downtown) Downtown, downtown (Downtown) She has her arms around your waist With a balance that could keep us safe (Downtown) Have you ever felt the warm embrace (Downtown) Of the leather seat between your legs (Hey-ey-ey-ey, hey-ey-ey-ey) (Hey-ey-ey-ey, hey-ey-ey-ey) You don't want no beef, boy Know I run the streets, boy Better follow me towards (Downtown) What you see is what you get girl Don't ever forget girl Ain't seen nothing yet until you're Downtown Dope Cut the bullshit Get off my mullet Stone washed, so raw Moped like a bullet (Oh) You can't catch me A po-po can't reprimand me I'm in a B-Boy stance, I'm not dancing I got your girl in the back doing tandem Because I'm too damn quick, I'm too damn slick Whole downtown yelling out ‘who that is?’ It's me, the M the A-C the K Stunting like a French pimp from back in the day I take her to Pend Oreille and I watch her skate I mean, water ski, ollie ollie oxen free I'm perusing down fourth and they watching me I do a handstand, an eagle lands on my seat Well hello, but baby, the kickstand ain't free Now do you or do you not wanna ride with me I got one girl, I got two wheels She a big girl but ain't a big deal I like a big girl, I like 'em sassy Going down the backstreet listening to Blackstreet Running around the whole town Neighbors yelling at me like, ‘you need to slow down’ Going thirty-eight, damn, chill the fuck out Mow your damn lawn, and sit the hell down If I only had one helmet, I would give it to you, give it to you Cruising down Broadway, girl, what a wonderful view, wonderful view There's layers to the shit player, Tiramisu, Tiramisu Let my coat-tail drag, but I ain't tearing my suit, tearing my suit Downtown, downtown (Downtown) Downtown, downtown She has her arms around your waist With a balance that could keep us safe (Downtown) Have you ever felt the warm embrace (Downtown) Of the leather seat between your legs (Hey-ey-ey-ey, hey-ey-ey-ey) (Hey-ey-ey-ey, hey-ey-ey-ey) You don't want no beef, boy Know I run the streets, boy Better follow me towards (Downtown) What you see is what you get girl Don't ever forget girl Ain't seen nothing yet until you're Downtown You don't want no beef, boy Know I run the streets, boy Better follow me towards (Downtown)Hello, it's me I was wondering if after all these years You'd like to meet To go over everything They say that time's supposed to heal ya But I ain't done much healing Hello, can you hear me? I'm in California dreaming about who We used to be When we were younger and free I've forgotten how it felt Before the world fell at our feet There's such a difference between us And a million miles Hello from the other side I must have called a thousand times To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside At least I can say that I've tried To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Hello, how are you? It's so typical of me to talk About myself, I'm sorry I hope that you're well Did you ever make it out of that town Where nothing ever happened? It's no secret that the both of us Are running out of time So hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Anymore Hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore",

"For all the times that you rained on my parade And all the clubs you get in using my name You think you broke my heart, oh girl for goodness sake You think I'm crying on my own, well I ain't And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself But when you told me that you hated my friends The only problem was with you and not them And every time you told me my opinion was wrong And tried to make me forget where I came from And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself For all the times that you made me feel small I fell in love, now I feel nothin' at all Had never felt so low when I was vulnerable Was I a fool to let you break down my walls? 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourselfOnce I was seven years old my momma told me Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely Once I was seven years old It was a big big world, but we thought we were bigger Pushing each other to the limits, we were learning quicker By eleven smoking herb and drinking burning liquor Never rich so we were out to make that steady figure Once I was eleven years old my daddy told me Go get yourself a wife or you'll be lonely Once I was eleven years old I always had that dream like my daddy before me So I started writing songs, I started writing stories Something about the glory, just always seemed to bore me 'Cause only those I really love will ever really know me Once I was 20 years old, my story got told Before the morning sun, when life was lonely Once I was 20 years old I only see my goals, I don't believe in failure 'Cause I know the smallest voices, they can make it major I got my boys with me at least those in favor And if we don't meet before I leave, I hope I'll see you later Once I was 20 years old, my story got told I was writing about everything, I saw before me Once I was 20 years old Soon we'll be 30 years old, our songs have been sold We've traveled around the world and we're still rolling Soon we'll be 30 years old I'm still learning about life My woman brought children for me So I can sing them all my songs And I can tell them stories Most of my boys are with me Some are still out seeking glory And some I had to leave behind My brother I'm still sorry Soon I'll be 60 years old, my daddy got 61 Remember life and then your life becomes a better one I made the man so happy when I wrote a letter once I hope my children come and visit, once or twice a month Soon I'll be 60 years old, will I think the world is cold Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me Soon I'll be 60 years old Soon I'll be 60 years old, will I think the world is cold Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me Soon I'll be 60 years old Once I was seven years old, my momma told me Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely Once I was seven years old Once I was seven years oldFeeling used But I'm Still missing you And I can't See the end of this Just wanna feel your kiss Against my lips And now all this time Is passing by But I still can't seem to tell you why It hurts me every time I see you Realize how much I need you I hate you I love you I hate that I love you Don't want to, but I can't put Nobody else above you I hate you I love you I hate that I want you You want her, you need her And I'll never be her I miss you when I can't sleep Or right after coffee Or right when I can't eat I miss you in my front seat Still got sand in my sweaters From nights we don't remember Do you miss me like I miss you? Fucked around and got attached to you Friends can break your heart too, and I'm always tired but never of you If I pulled a you on you, you wouldn't like that shit I put this reel out, but you wouldn't bite that shit I type a text but then I nevermind that shit I got these feelings but you never mind that shit Oh oh, keep it on the low You're still in love with me but your friends don't know If u wanted me you would just say so And if I were you, I would never let me go I don't mean no harm I just miss you on my arm Wedding bells were just alarms Caution tape around my heart You ever wonder what we could have been? You said you wouldn't and you fucking did Lie to me, lie with me, get your fucking fix Now all my drinks and all my feelings are all fucking mixed Always missing people that I shouldn't be missing Sometimes you gotta burn some bridges just to create some distance I know that I control my thoughts and I should stop reminiscing But I learned from my dad that it's good to have feelings When love and trust are gone I guess this is moving on Everyone I do right does me wrong So every lonely night, I sing this song I hate you I love you I hate that I love you Don't want to, but I can't put Nobody else above you I hate you I love you I hate that I want you You want her, you need her And I'll never be her All alone I watch you watch her Like she's the only girl you've ever seen You don't care you never did You don't give a damn about me Yeah all alone I watch you watch her She's the only thing you've ever seen How is it you never notice That you are slowly killing me I hate you I love you I hate that I love you Don't want to, but I can't put Nobody else above you I hate you I love you I hate that I want you You want her, you need her And I'll never be herBaby, I like your style Grips on your waist Front way, back way You know that I don't play Streets not safe But I never run away Even when I'm away Oti, oti There's never much love when we go OT I pray to make it back in one piece I pray, I pray That's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me Baby, I like your style Strength and guidance All that I'm wishing for my friends Nobody makes it from my ends I had to bust up the silence You know you gotta stick by me Soon as you see the text, reply me I don't wanna spend time fighting We've got no time And that's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me Got a pretty girl and she love me long time Wine it, wine it, very long time Oh yeah, very long time Back up, back up, back up and wine it Back up, back up and wine it, girl Back up, back up, back up and wine it Oh yeah, very long time Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Tell me I need to know, where do you wanna go? 'Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow Make you lose control Where, where, where Where, where, where, where Oh yeah, very long time Where, where, where Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Where, where, where, where 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on meBaby, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves And everybody's watching her But she's looking at you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, oh, oh Lightning, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves And everybody's watching her But she's looking at you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, oh, oh We go fast 'til they can't replay Who knows why it's gotta be this way We say nothing more than we need I say ‘your place’ when we leave Lightning, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves And everybody's watching her But she's looking at you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, oh, oh Baby, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves Yeah Lightning, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves And everybody's watching her But she's looking at you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, oh, ohWhen I look into your eyes I want to breathe you in to get me high Crawling through this space inside your mind Just leave me there, leave me there Now you got me wanting more I felt religion with you on the floor The holy word that I've been waiting for Baby stay with me, stay with me We don't have to wait all night To know if this is really love We don't have to wait all night Cause I can feel you in my blood In my blood In my blood I just wanna feel the light Feel the needle on my forty-five Live like we are running out of time Just take me there, take me there Grind you down into my bones You're the magic dust that gets me stoned You're the hallelujah on my throne Baby stay with me, stay with me We don't have to wait all night To know if this is really love We don't have to wait all night Cause I can feel you in my blood In my blood In my blood I don't wanna come down I don't wanna come down We don't have to wait all night To know if this is really love We don't have to wait all night Cause I can feel you in my blood In my blood In my bloodEverybody gets high sometimes, ya know? What else can we do when we're feeling low? So take a deep breath and let it go You shouldn't be drowning on your own And if you feel you're sinking, I will jump right over Into cold, cold water for you And although time may take us into different places I will still be patient with you And I hope you know I won't let go I'll be your lifeline tonight I won't let go I'll be your lifeline tonight 'Cause we all get lost sometimes, you know? It's how we learn and how we grow And I wanna lay with you 'til I'm old You shouldn't be fighting on your own And if you feel you're sinking, I will jump right over Into cold, cold water for you And although time may take us into different places I will still be patient with you And I hope you know I won't let go (I won't let go, oh no, no no) I'll be your lifeline tonight I won't let go I'll be your lifeline tonight Come on, come on Save me from my rocking boat I just want to stay afloat I'm all alone And I hope, I hope Someone's gonna take me home Somewhere I can rest my soul I need to know You won't let go (I won't let go, oh no, no no) I'll be your lifeline tonight You won't let go I'll be your lifeline tonight I won't let go I won't let goHey, I was doing just fine just before I met you I drank too much and that's an issue but I'm okay Hey, you tell your friends it was nice to meet them But I hope I never see them again I know it breaks your heart Moved to the city in a broke down car and Four years, no calls Now you're looking pretty in a hotel bar and I can't stop No, I can't stop So baby, pull me closer In the back seat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older You look as the good as the day as I met you I forget just why I left you, I was insane Stay and play that Blink-182 song That we beat to death in Tucson, okay? I know it breaks your heart I moved to the city in a broke down car and Four years, no calls Now you're looking pretty in a hotel bar and I can't stop No, I can't stop So baby, pull me closer In the backseat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older So baby, pull me closer In the backseat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older No we ain't ever getting olderI met you in the dark You lit me up You made me feel as though I was enough We danced the night away We drank too much I held your hair back when You were throwing up Then you smiled over your shoulder For a minute, I was stone cold sober I pulled you closer to my chest And you asked me to stay over I said, I already told ya I think that you should get some rest I knew I loved you then But you'd never know Cause I played it cool when I was scared of letting go I know I needed you But I never showed But I wanna stay with you Until we're grey and old Just say you won't let go Just say you won't let go I wake you up with some breakfast in bed I'll bring you coffee With a kiss on your head And I'll take the kids to school Wave them goodbye And I'll thank my lucky stars for that night When you looked over your shoulder For a minute, I forget that I'm older I wanna dance with you right now, oh And you look as beautiful as ever And I swear that everyday you'll get better You make me feel this way somehow I'm so in love with you And I hope you know Darling your love is more than worth its weight in gold We've come so far my dear Look how we've grown And I wanna stay with you Until we're grey and old Just say you won't let go Just say you won't let go I wanna live with you Even when we're ghosts Cause you were always there for me When I needed you most I'm gonna love you till My lungs give out I promise till death we part Like in our vows So I wrote this song for you Now everybody knows That it's just you and me Until we're grey and old Just say you won't let go Just say you won't let go Just say you won't let go Oh, just say you won't let goCall it love and devotion Call it the mom's adoration Foundation A special bond of creation, hah For all the single mums out there going through frustration Clean Bandit, Sean-da-Paul, Anne-Marie She works the night, by the water She's gonna stress, so far away From her father's daughter She just wants a life for her baby All on her own, no one will come She's got to save him (daily struggle) She tells him ‘uh, love, no one's ever gonna hurt you, love I'm gonna give you all of my love Nobody matters like you’ She tells him ‘your life ain't gonna be nothing like my life You're gonna grow and have a good life I'm gonna do what I've got to do’ So, Rockabye baby, Rockabye I'm gonna rock you Rockabye baby, don't you cry Somebody's got you Rockabye baby, Rockabye I'm gonna rock you Rockabye baby, don't you cry Rockabye, no Rockabye-rocka-rocka-rocka-bye Rockabye, oh oh yeah Rockabye-rocka-rocka-rocka-bye Single mama you doing out there Facing the hard life, without no fear Just so you know that you really care Cause any obstacle come you're well prepared And no mama, you never set tear Cause you have to set things year and to year And you give the youth love beyond compare You find his school fee and the bus fare Mmm Marie, the paps' disappear In the round back can't find him nowhere Steadily you work flow, everything you know You know say you nuh stop the time fi a jear Now she gotta a six year old Trying to keep him warm Trying to keep out the cold When he looks her in the eyes He don't know he's safe When she says ‘uh, love, no one's ever gonna hurt you, love I'm gonna give you all of my love Nobody matters like you’ So, Rockabye baby, Rockabye I'm gonna rock you Rockabye baby, don't you cry Somebody's got you Rockabye baby, Rockabye I'm gonna rock you Rockabye baby, don't you cry Bidda-bang-bang-bang, alright then Rockabye, no Rockabye-rocka-rocka-rocka-bye Rockabye, oh oh yeah Rockabye-rocka-rocka-rocka-bye Now she gotta a six year old Trying to keep him warm Trying to keep out the cold When he looks her in the eyes He don't know he's safe when she says She tells him ‘uh, love, no one's ever gonna hurt you, love I'm gonna give you all of my love Nobody matters like you’ She tells him ‘your life ain't gonna be nothing like my life You're gonna grow and have a good life I'm gonna do what I've got to do’ So, Rockabye baby, Rockabye Rockabye-rocka-rocka-rocka-bye I'm gonna rock you Rockabye baby, don't you cry Rockabye-rocka-rocka-rocka-bye Somebody's got you Rockabye baby, Rockabye Rockabye-rocka-rocka-rocka-bye I'm gonna rock you Rockabye baby, don't you cry Bidda-bang-bang-bang, alright then Rockabye, no Rockabye, oh oh yeah"]

canada = [ "Snoop Dogg Greetings loved ones Let's take a journey. Katy Perry I know a place Where the grass is really greener Warm, wet, and wild There must be something in the water Sippin' gin and juice Laying underneath the palm trees (undone) The boys break their necks Tryin' to creep a little sneak peek (at us) You could travel the world But nothing comes close to the Golden Coast Once you party with us, you'll be falling in love Oh oh California girls, we're unforgettable Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle Oooh oh oooh California girls, we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent, now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh Sex on the beach We don't mind sand in our stilettos We freak in my Jeep Snoop Doggy Dogg on the stereo Oh oh You could travel the world But nothing comes close to the Golden Coast Once you party with us, you'll be falling in love Oh oooh California girls, we're unforgettable (California) Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle (ooh) Oooh oh oooh California girls (California), we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent (West Coast), now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh Snoop Dogg Toned, tan, fit, and ready Turn it up 'cause it's gettin' heavy Wild wild West Coast These are the girls I love the most I mean the ones I mean like she's the one Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns (ah) The girl's a freak She drive a Jeep And live on the beach I'm okay, I won't play I love the bay Just like I love L.A., Venice Beach and Palm Springs Summertime is everything Homeboys banging out All that ass hanging out Bikinis, zucchinis, martinis, no weenies Just a king and a queenie Katy my lady (yeah) You looking here baby (uh huh) I'm all up on ya 'Cause you representin' California (oh yeah) Katy Perry California girls, we're unforgettable Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle Oooh oh oooh (c'mon, c'mon) California girls, we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent (West Coast, West Coast), now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh (ey, ey) Snoop Dogg (California, California girls) California girls, man (California, California girls) I really wish you all could be California girlsCaught in a bad romance Caught in a bad romance Ra ra ah-ah-ah Ra ma ra-ma-ma Ga ga oh la-la Want your bad romance Ra ra ah-ah-ah Ra ma ra ma-ma Ga ga oh la-la Want your bad romance I want your ugly I want your disease I want your everything As long as it's free I want your love Love, love, love I want your love Hey! I want your drama The touch of your hand (Hey!) I want your leather-studded kiss in the sand I want your love Love, love, love I want your love (Love, love, love I want your love) You know that I want you And you know that I need you I want it bad Your bad romance I want your love and I want your revenge You and me could write a bad romance I want your love and all your lover's revenge You and me could write a bad romance Caught in a bad romance Caught in a bad romance Ra ra ah-ah-ah Ra ma ra ma-ma Ga ga oh la la Want your bad romance I want your horror I want your design 'Cause you're a criminal As long as you're mine I want your love Love, love, love I want your love Woah! I want your Psycho Your Vertigo stick (Hey!) Want you in my Rear Window Baby, it's sick I want your love Love, love, love I want your love (Love, love, love I want your love) You know that I want you And you know that I need you (cause I'm a free bitch, baby) I want it bad Your bad romance I want your love and I want your revenge You and me could write a bad romance I want your love and all your lover's revenge You and me could write a bad romance Caught in a bad romance Caught in a bad romance Ra ra ah-ah-ah Ra ma ra ma-ma Ga ga oh la-la Want your bad romance Walk, walk fashion, baby Work it, move that bitch c-razy Walk, walk fashion, baby Work it, move that bitch c-razy Walk, walk fashion, baby Work it, move that bitch c-razy Walk, walk passion, baby Work it, I'm a free bitch, baby I want your love And I want your revenge I want your love I don't wanna be friends J'veux ton amour et je veux ta revanche J'veux ton amour I don't wanna be friends I don't wanna be friends (Caught in a bad romance) I don't wanna be friends Want your bad romance Caught in a bad romance Want your bad romance I want your love and I want your revenge You and me could write a bad romance Oh oh oh oh oh I want your love and all your lover's revenge You and me could write a bad romance Want your bad romance Caught in a bad romance Want your bad romance Want your bad romance Caught in a bad romance Ra ra ah-ah-ah Ra ma ra ma-ma Ga ga oh la-la Want your bad romanceI came to dance, dance, dance, dance I hit the floor 'Cause that's my plans, plans, plans, plans I'm wearing all my favorite brands, brands, brands, brands Give me some space for both my hands, hands, hands, hands Yeah, yeah 'Cause it goes on and on and on And it goes on and on and on, yeah I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite I came to move, move, move, move Get out the way of me and my crew, crew, crew, crew I'm in the club so I'm gonna do, do, do, do Just drop the phone came here to do, do, do, do Yeah, yeah 'Cause it goes on and on and on And it goes on and on and on, yeah I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite I'm gonna take it all I, I'm gonna be the last one standing Higher over all I, I'm gonna be the last one landing 'Cause I, I, I believe it And I, I, I, I just want it all I just want it all I'm gonna put my hands in the air Ha-hands in the air Put your hands in the air, air, air, air, a-a-air I throw my hands up in the air sometimes Saying a-yo Gotta let go I wanna celebrate and live my life Saying a-yo Baby, let's go 'Cause we gon' rock this club We gon' go all night We gon' light it up Like it's dynamite 'Cause I told you once Now I told you twice We gon' light it up Like it's dynamiteWhoa, whoa Ludacris Luda! Now I may not be the worst or the best But you gotta respect my honesty And I may break your heart – What? I don't really think there's anybody as bomb as me So you can take this chance, in the end Everybody's gonna be wondering how you deal You might say this is Ludacris But Taio Cruz, tell her how you feel Taio Cruz Now listen to me baby (oh oh-oh) Before I love and leave ya (oh oh-oh) They call me heart-breaker (oh oh-oh) I don't wanna deceive ya (oh oh-oh) If you fall for me I'm not easy to please I might tear you apart Told you from the start Baby from the start I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart Whoa, whoa There's no point trying to hide it (oh oh-oh) No point trying to evade it (oh oh-oh) I know I gotta problem (oh oh-oh) Problem with misbehavin' (oh oh-oh) If you fall for me I'm not easy to please I might tear you apart Told you from the start Baby from the start I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart Ludacris That's all I'm gonna do, woman Listen! Now I'm only gonna break your heart And shatter and splatter it all into little bitty pieces Whether or not you get it all together Then it's finders, keepers and losers weepers See I'm not tyrin' to lead you on No I'm only tryin' to keep it real You might say this is Ludacris But Taio Cruz, tell her how you feel Taio Cruz Ey and I know karma's gonna get me back for being so cold, ey Like a big bad wolf I'm born to be bad and bad to the bone, ey If you fall for me I'm only gonna tear you apart, ey Told you from the start, ey I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart I'm only gonna break, break your Break, break your heart Whoa, whoa Whoa, whoaRihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe I can't breathe but I still fight, while I can fight As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight High off her love, drunk from her hate, it's like I'm huffin' paint And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates Me, she fucking hates me and I love it, wait Where you going, I'm leaving you, no you ain't Come back, we're running right back here we go again It's so insane, 'cause when it's going good it's going great I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped ‘who's that dude?’, I don't even know his name I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again I guess I don't know my own strength Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe when you're with 'em You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em Got that warm fuzzy feelin', yeah them chills used to get 'em Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em You'd swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em Now you're in each others' face, spewing venom in your words when you spit 'em You push pull each others' hair, scratch claw bit 'em Throw 'em down pin 'em, so lost in them moments when you're in 'em It's the rage that took over, it controls ya both So they say you're best to go your separate ways, guess that they don't know ya 'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over But you promised her, next time you'll show restraint You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game But you lied again, now you get to watch her leave out the window Guess that's why they call it window pane Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : Now I know we said things, did things, that we didn't mean Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine But your temper's just as bad as mine is, you're the same as me But when it comes to love, you're just as blinded, baby please Come back, it wasn't you, baby it was me Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano All I know is I love you too much to walk away though Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the dry wall Next time, there will be no next time, I apologize Even though I know it's lies, I'm tired of the games I just want her back, I know I'm a liar If she ever tries to fuckin' leave again, I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you liePicture perfect memories scattered all around the floor Reachin' for the phone, 'cause I can't fight it any more And I wonder if I ever cross your mind For me, it happens all the time It's a quarter after one, I'm all alone and I need you now Said I wouldn't call, but I've lost all control and I need you now And I don't know how I can do without, I just need you now Another shot o' whiskey, can't stop lookin' at the door Wishing you'd come sweepin' in the way you did before And I wonder if I ever cross your mind For me, it happens all the time It's a quarter after one, I'm a little drunk and I need you now Said I wouldn't call, but I've lost all control and I need you now And I don't know how I can do without; I just need you now Whoa-oh-whoa Guess I'd rather hurt than feel nothin' at all It's a quarter after one, I'm all alone and I need you now And I said I wouldn't call, but I'm a little drunk and I need you now And I don't know how I can do without, I just need you now I just need you now Oh, baby, I need you nowI gotta feeling That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good, good night I gotta feeling That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good, good night I gotta feeling, ooohooo That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good, good night I gotta feeling, ooohooo That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good, good night, I gotta feel Tonight's the night, let's live it up I got my money, let's spend it up Go out and smash it like, oh my god Jump off that sofa, let's get, get off I know that we'll have a ball If we get down and go out and just lose it all I feel stressed out, I wanna let it go Let's go way out, spaced out and losing all control (ch-ch-ch) Fill up my cup, mazel tov Look at her dancing, just take it off Let's paint the town, we'll shut it down Let's burn the roof and then we'll do it again Let's do it, let's do it, let's do it, let's do it And do it and do it, let's live it up And do it and do it and do it, do it, do it Let's do it, let's do it, let's do it 'Cause I gotta feeling, ooohoo That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good, good night 'Cause I gotta feeling, ooohoo That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good, good night, I gotta feel Tonight's the night (Hey!), let's live it up (Let's live it up) I got my money (Okay!), let's spend it up (Let's spend it up) Go out and smash (Smash), like, oh my god (Like oh my god) Jump off that sofa (Come on!), let's get, get off Fill up my cup (Drink), mazel tov (L'Chaim) Look at her dancing (Move it, move it) Just take it off! Let's paint the town (Paint the town) We'll shut it down (We'll shut it down) Let's burn the roof (ooh hoo) and then we'll do it again Let's do it, let's do it, let's do it, let's do it And do it and do it, let's live it up And do it (Do it!), and do it (And do it!), and do it (And), do it (And), do it (And do it!) Let's do it (Let's do it!), let's do it (Let's do it!), let's do it (Hey!), do it (Hey!), do it (Hey!), do it Here we come, here we go, we gotta rock (Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock) Easy come, easy go, now we on top (Top, top, top, top, top) Feel the shot, body rock, rock it, don't stop (Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, don't stop) 'Round and 'round, up and down, around the clock (Clock, clock, clock, clock, clock) Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday (Let's do it!) Friday, Saturday, Saturday to Sunday (Do it!) Get, get, get, get, get with us, you know what we say, say Party every day, p-p-p-party every day And I'm feeling, ooohooo That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good, good night, I gotta feel I gotta feeling, ooohooo That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good, good night OoohoooJason Derülo. Beluga Heights. J. J. J. J. J. R. C'mon. Everybody's looking for love. Oh Ain't that the reason you're at this club? Oh You ain't gon' find it dancin' with him. No I got a better solution for you girl, oh. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (And we'll go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. I can see it going down, going down In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head You'll be screaming out In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, In my head. Yeah. In my head. Oh yeah. C'mon! Some dudes know all the right things to say. Oh When it comes down to it, it's all just game. sure Instead of talking let me demonstrate. Yeah (Yeah) Get down to business let's skip foreplay, ay yeah. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (We can go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. (Never known) I can see it going down, going down In my head, baby, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, In my head. Break it down. Ay-oh. Come on. Yeah. Ay-oh. Let's go. Uuh. Ay-oh. You singing to me baby in my head right now. Ay-oh. Ay-oh. Come on. Yeah. Uuh. Ay-oh. She'll be screaming out when it all goes down. Just leave with me now, say the word and we'll go. (We can go) I'll be your teacher, I'll show you the ropes. (You the ropes) You'll see a side of love you've never known. (Never known) I can see it going down, going down In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down. In my head, I see you all over me. In my head, you fulfill my fantasy. My head, you'll be screaming out. In my head, it's going down, My head, it's going down, It's going down in my head.I know that we are young, And I know that you may love me, But I just can't be with you like this anymore, Alejandro. She's got both hands, in her pocket, And she won't look at you, won't look at you. She hides true love, en su bolsillo, She's got a halo around her finger, around you. You know that I love you, boy, Hot like Mexico, rejoice. At this point I've gotta choose, Nothing to lose. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Alejandro. I'm not your babe, I'm not your babe, Fernando. Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Just smoke my cigarette and hush. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Roberto. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Stop, please, just let me go, Alejandro, just let me go. She's not broken, she's just a baby, But her boyfriend's like her dad, just like a dad. And all those flames that burned before him, Now, he's gotta firefight, gotta cool the bad. You know that I love you, boy, Hot like Mexico, rejoice. At this point I've gotta choose, Nothing to lose. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Alejandro. I'm not your babe, I'm not your babe, Fernando. Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Just smoke my cigarette and hush. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Roberto. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Don't bother me, don't bother me. (Alejandro) Don't call my name, don't call my name. (Bye, Fernando) I'm not your babe, I'm not your babe. (Alejandro) Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Fernando. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Alejandro. I'm not your babe, I'm not your babe, Fernando. Don't wanna kiss, don't wanna touch, Just smoke my cigarette and hush. Don't call my name, don't call my name, Roberto. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. Alejandro, Alejandro. Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro. (Don't call my name) Alejandro, (don't call my name) Alejandro. (Alejandro) (I'm not your babe) Ale-Alejandro, (I'm not your babe) Ale-Alejandro. (Fernando) (Don't wanna kiss) Alejandro, (Don't wanna touch) Alejandro. (Just smoke my cigarette and hush) (Don't call my name) Ale-Alejandro, (don't call my name) Ale-Alejandro. (Roberto) AlejandroLady GaGa: Hello, hello, baby, you called? I can't hear a thing I have got no service in the club, you see, see Wha-wha-what did you say, huh? You're breaking up on me Sorry, I cannot hear you, I'm kinda busy (K-kinda busy) K-kinda busy (K-kinda busy) K-kinda busy (K-kinda busy) Sorry, I cannot hear you, I'm kinda busy Just a second, it's my favorite song they're gonna play And I cannot text you with a drink in my hand, eh? You shoulda made some plans with me, you knew that I was free And now you won't stop calling me, I'm kinda busy Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor (Eh x11) Stop telephonin' me (Stop telephonin' me) (Eh x10) I'm busy （I'm busy） (Eh x10) Stop telephonin' me (Stop telephonin' me) (Eh x11) Can call all you want, but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone Out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone Can call when you want, but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone Out in the club, and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone Beyoncé: Boy, the way you blowin' up my phone won't make me leave no faster Put my coat on faster, leave my girls no faster I shoulda left my phone at home, 'cause this is a disaster Callin' like a collector, Sorry, I cannot answer Lady GaGa: Not that I don't like you, I'm just at a party And I am sick and tired of my phone ri-ringing Beyoncé: Sometimes I feel like I live in Grand Central Station (Station...) Tonight, I'm not takin' no calls, 'cause I'll be dancin' (Tonight, I'm dancin') Both: 'Cause I'll be dancin' (Tonight, I'm dancin') 'Cause I'll be dancin' (Tonight, I'm dancin') Tonight, I'm not takin' no calls, 'cause I'll be dancin' Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna think anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor Stop callin', stop callin', I don't wanna talk anymore I left my head and my heart on the dance floor (Eh x11) (Stop telephonin' me) Stop telephonin' me (Eh x10) (I'm busy) I'm busy (Eh x10) (Stop telephonin' me) Stop telephonin' me (Eh x11) （I'm busy） Can call all you want but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone 'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone Can call all you want but there's no one home And you're not gonna reach my telephone 'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone (D-D-DD-Darkchild) My telephone M-m-my telephone 'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone My telephone M-m-my telephone 'Cause I'm out in the club and I'm sippin' that bub' And you're not gonna reach my telephone We're sorry, the number you have reached is not in service at this time. Please, check the number or try your call again...",

"There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch and it's bringin' me out the dark Finally, I can see you crystal clear Go ahead and sell me out and I'll lay your shit bare See how I'll leave with every piece of you Don't underestimate the things that I will do There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch and it's bringin' me out the dark The scars of your love remind me of us They keep me thinkin' that we almost had it all The scars of your love, they leave me breathless I can't help feeling We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Baby, I have no story to be told But I've heard one on you and I'm gonna make your head burn Think of me in the depths of your despair Make a home down there as mine sure won't be shared (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love remind me of us (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) They keep me thinking that we almost had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love, they leave me breathless (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) I can't help feeling We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Could have had it all Rolling in the deep You had my heart inside of your hand But you played it with a beating Throw your soul through every open door (Wohh ho ho oh) Count your blessings to find what you look for (Wohh oh oh oh) Turn my sorrow into treasured gold (Wohh ho ho oh) You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you sow (You're gonna wish you never had met me) We could have had it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) It all, it all, it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) But you played it, you played it, you played it You played it to the beatPitbull: J. Lo! The other side, out my mine Jennifer Lopez: It's a new generation (Mr. Worldwide) Of party people Pitbull: Now, Get on the floor, dale! Get on the floor (Red One!) Jennifer Lopez: Let me introduce you to my party people In the club,huh (-ho,-ho) Pitbull: I'm loose (-oose) And everybody knows I get off the train Baby, it's the truth (it's the truth) I'm like Inception , I play with your brain So don't sleep or snooze (snooze) I don't play no games so d-d-d-don't get it confused, no 'Cause you will lose, yeah Now p-p-p-pump it up And back it up like a Tonka truck, dale Jennifer Lopez: If you go hard, you gotta get on the floor (Whoa!) If you're a party freak then step on the floor (Yeah) If you're an animal then tear up the floor Break a sweat on the floor Yeah we work on the floor (Yeah) Don't stop, keep it moving Put your drinks up! (Whoa!) Pick your body up and drop it on the floor (Whoa!) Let the rhythm change your world on the floor You know we're running sh*t tonight on the floor Brazil, Morocco London to Ibiza Straight to L.A., New York Vegas to Africa (Dale!) Dance the night away Live your life and stay young on the floor Dance the night away Grab somebody, drink a little more (......It's about time, it's about time, it's about time) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(Whoa!) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(Hey,what's wrong?) I know you got it clap your hands on the floor (Whoa!) And keep on rockin', rock it up on the floor (Yeah) If you're a criminal, kill it on the floor Steal it quick on the floor ...On the floor, on the floor (Yeah) Don't stop, keep it moving Put your drinks up! (Whoa!) It's getting ill, it's getting sick on the floor (Whoa!) We never quit, we never rest on the floor (Yeah) If I ain't wrong we'll probably die on the floor Brazil, Morocco London to Ibiza Straight to L.A., New York Vegas to Africa (Dale!) Dance the night away Live your life and stay young on the floor (Now, dale, it's about time) Dance the night away Grab somebody, drink a little more (Dale, It's about time, it's about time, it's about time) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor (Hey, what's wrong?) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor (Ye-blaaaaaaaahh!......) Pitbull: That badonkadonk is like a trunk full of bass On an old school Chevy 7 trail donka truck All I need is some vodka and some chunka coke And watch a chicka get Donkey Konged Baby if you're ready for things to get heavy I get on the floor and act a fool if you let me (dale!) Don't believe me just vet me My name ain't Keith but I see why you Sweat me L.A., Miami, New York Say no more, get on the floor! (Whoa!) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor La la la... (Whoa!) Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(-or)!It doesn't matter if you love him, or capital H-I-M (M, M, M, M) Just put your paws up 'Cause you were born this way, baby My mama told me when I was young We are all born superstars She rolled my hair and put my lipstick on In the glass of her boudoir ‘There's nothing wrong with loving who you are’ She said, ‘'Cause he made you perfect, babe.’ ‘So hold your head up girl and you'll go far. Listen to me when I say.’ I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't be a drag, just be a queen Don't be a drag, just be a queen Don't be a drag, just be a queen (Don't be, don't be, don't be) Give yourself prudence and love your friends Subway kid, rejoice your truth In the religion of the insecure I must be myself, respect my youth A different lover is not a sin Believe capital H-I-M, hey I love my life, I love this record and Mi amore vole fe yah (Love needs faith) I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way (Don't be) Don't be a drag, just be a queen Whether you're broke or evergreen You're black, white, beige, chola descent You're Lebanese, you're orient Whether life's disabilities Left you outcast, bullied or teased Rejoice and love yourself today 'Cause baby you were born this way No matter gay, straight or bi Lesbian, transgendered life I'm on the right track, baby I was born to survive No matter black, white or beige Chola or orient made I'm on the right track, baby I was born to be brave I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, yeah Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, hey Same D.N.A. But born this way Same D.N.A. But born this wayEasy come, easy go, that's just how you live Oh, take, take, take it all, but you never give Should've known you was trouble from the first kiss Had your eyes wide open, why were they open? Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash You tossed it in the trash, you did To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for you, baby But you won't do the same No, no, no, no Black, black, black and blue, beat me till I'm numb Tell the devil I said, hey, when you get back to where you're from Mad woman, bad woman, that's just what you are Yeah, you'll smile in my face then rip the brakes out my car Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash You tossed it in the trash, yes you did To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for ya, baby But you won't do the same If my body was on fire Ooh, you'd watch me burn down in flames You said you loved me, you're a liar 'Cause you never, ever, ever did, baby But darling, I'd still catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for you, baby But you won't do the same No, you won't do the same You wouldn't do the same Ooh, you never do the same No, no, no, noDo you ever feel like a plastic bag Drifting through the wind, wanting to start again? Do you ever feel, feel so paper-thin Like a house of cards, one blow from caving in? Do you ever feel already buried deep? Six feet under screams, but no one seems to hear a thing Do you know that there's still a chance for you? 'Cause there's a spark in you You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine Just own the night like the Fourth of July 'Cause baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ As you shoot across the sky-y-y Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe You don't have to feel like a waste of space You're original, cannot be replaced If you only knew what the future holds After a hurricane, comes a rainbow Maybe the reason why all the doors are closed So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road Like a lightning bolt, your heart will glow And when it's time you know You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine Just own the night like the Fourth of July 'Cause baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ As you shoot across the sky-y-y Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon It's always been inside of you, you, you And now it's time to let it through 'Cause baby, you're a firework Come on, show 'em what you're worth Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ As you shoot across the sky-y-y Baby, you're a firework Come on, let your colors burst Make 'em go ‘Ah, ah, ah!’ You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon Boom, boom, boom Even brighter than the moon, moon, moonThere ain't no reason you and me should be alone Tonight, yeah, baby Tonight, yeah, baby I got a reason that you're who should take me home tonight I need a man that thinks it's right when it's so wrong Tonight, yeah, baby Tonight, yeah, baby Right on the limits where we know we both belong tonight It's hard to feel the rush To push the dangerous I'm gonna run right to, to the edge with you Where we can both fall over in love I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment of truth Out on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge, the edge, the edge The edge, the edge, the edge, the edge I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge with you Another shot before we kiss the other side Tonight, yeah, baby Tonight, yeah, baby I'm on the edge of something final we call life tonight Alright, alright Put on your shades 'cause I'll be dancing in the flames Tonight, yeah, baby Tonight, yeah, baby It isn't hell if everybody knows my name tonightAlright, alright It's hard to feel the rush To push the dangerous I'm gonna run right to, to the edge with you Where we can both fall over in love I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment of truth Out on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge, the edge, the edge The edge, the edge, the edge, the edge I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge with you I'm on the edge with you I'm on the edge with you I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment of truth Out on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge, the edge, the edge The edge, the edge, the edge, the edge I'm on the edge of glory And I'm hanging on a moment with you I'm on the edge with youI heard that you're settled down That you found a girl and you're married now I heard that your dreams came true Guess she gave you things I didn't give to you Old friend, why are you so shy? Ain't like you to hold back or hide from the light I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah You know how the time flies Only yesterday was the time of our lives We were born and raised in a summer haze Bound by the surprise of our glory days I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah Nothing compares, no worries or cares Regrets and mistakes, they're memories made Who would have known how bittersweet this would taste? Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah...Today I don't feel like doin' anything I just wanna lay in my bed Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone 'Cause today, I swear, I'm not doin' anything Ah, I'm gonna kick my feet up then stare at the fan Turn the tv on, throw my hand in my pants Nobody's gon' tell me I can't, no I'll be lounging on the couch just chilling in my Snuggie Click to MTV so they can teach me how to dougie 'Cause in my castle I'm the freaking man Oho, yes, I said it, I said it I said it 'cause I can Today I don't feel like doin' anything I just wanna lay in my bed Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone 'Cause today, I swear, I'm not doin' anything, nothing at all (Ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo) Nothing at all Tomorrow I'll wake up, do some P90x, Meet a really nice girl Have some really nice sex And she's gonna scream out: ‘This is great!’(Oh my God, this is great) Yeah I might mess around and get my college degree I bet my old man will be so proud of me But sorry, pops, you'll just have to wait Oho, yes, I said it, I said it I said it 'cause I can Today I don't feel like doin' anything I just wanna lay in my bed Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone 'Cause today, I swear, I'm not doin' anything No, I ain't gonna comb my hair 'Cause I ain't going anywhere No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no I'll just strut in my birthday suit And let everything hang loose Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Today I don't feel like doin' anything I just wanna lay in my bed Don't feel like picking up my phone so leave a message at the tone 'Cause today, I swear, I'm not doin' anything, nothing at all (Ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo) Nothing at all (Ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo, ooohooohooo) Nothing at all(Boy, I think about it every night and day I'm addicted, wanna jump inside your love I wouldn't wanna have it any other way I'm addicted and I just can't get enough) I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough Honey got a sexy all steamin' She givin' hotness a new meanin' Perfection, mama, you gleamin' Inception you got a brother dreamin', dreamin' Damn, baby, I'm feignin' I'm tryin-a holler at you, I'm screamin' Let me love you down this evenin' (Love you, love you, yeah, you know you are my demon) Girl, we could form a team and I could be the king, you could be the queen and My mind's dirty and it don't need cleanin' (I love you long time so you know the meanin') Oh, baby, I can't come down so, please, come help me out You got me feelin' high and I can't step off the cloud And I just can't get enough (Boy, I think about it every night and day I'm addicted, wanna jump inside your love I wouldn't wanna have it any other way I'm addicted and I just can't get enough) I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough Honey got me runnin' like I'm Flo Jo Signed her name on my heart with an XO Love so sweet, got me vexed though I wanna wish it right back like Presto, yes Meantime I wait for the next time She come around for a toast to the best time We LOL back and forth on the text line She got me fishin' for her love, I confess I'm Somethin 'bout her smile and the convo Got me high and I ain't comin' down, yo My heart's pumpin out louder than electro She got me feelin like (Mr. Roboto) Oh, baby, I can't come down so, please, come help me out You got me feelin' high and I can't step off the cloud And I just can't get enough (Boy, I think about it every night and day I'm addicted, wanna jump inside your love I wouldn't wanna have it any other way I'm addicted and I just can't get enough) I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough I just can't get enough (This has been a switchup) Switchup! Switchup! I just can't (Switchup) Locked, sunk in your bed-rock Heart, pumpin your love-shot Knocked, out by your cold-shot I'm, stuck in your head-lock (Switchup) Can't-can't stop-stop won't-won't quit-quit Makin me f-f-f-f-f-fiend, give it to me I want it all-all, know what I mean Your love is a dose of ecsta (Switchup) Addicted, I can't get away from you Afflicted, I need it, I miss it (Switchup) I want your lovin' right next to me And I can't erase you out of my memory-ory I, just can't (Switchup)Robert's got a quick hand He'll look around the room, he won't tell you his plan He's got a rolled cigarette Hanging out his mouth, he's a cowboy kid Yeah, he found a six-shooter gun In his dad's closet with a box of fun things And I don't even know what But he's coming for you, yeah, he's coming for you, wait All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet Daddy works a long day He'll be coming home late, yeah, he's coming home late And he's bringing me a surprise 'Cause dinner's in the kitchen and it's packed in ice I've waited for a long time Yeah the sleight of my hand is now a quick-pull trigger I reason with my cigarette And say, ‘Your hair's on fire, you must have lost your wits,’ yeah All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet Run run run run Ru-ru-ru-run run run Ru-ru-ru-ru-run run run run Ru-ru-ru-run Run run ru-run run All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, outrun my gun All the other kids with the pumped up kicks You'd better run, better run, faster than my bullet",

"Now and then I think of when we were together Like when you said you felt so happy you could die Told myself that you were right for me But felt so lonely in your company But that was love and it's an ache I still remember You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness Like resignation to the end, always the end So when we found that we could not make sense Well you said that we would still be friends But I'll admit that I was glad it was over But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over But had me believing it was always something that I'd done But I don't wanna live that way Reading into every word you say You said that you could let it go And I wouldn't catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Somebody I used to know Somebody Now you're just somebody that I used to know Somebody I used to know Somebody Now you're just somebody that I used to know I used to know That I used to know I used to know SomebodyI threw a wish in the well Don't ask me, I'll never tell I looked to you as it fell And now you're in my way I trade my soul for a wish Pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this But now you're in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're going, baby? Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe You took your time with the call I took no time with the fall You gave me nothing at all But still, you're in my way I beg and borrow and steal Have foresight, and it's real I didn't know I would feel it But it's in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're going, baby? Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad I missed you so bad, I missed you so, so bad Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad And you should know that, I missed you so, so bad It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad I missed you so bad, I missed you so, so bad Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad And you should know that, so call me maybeMax: The sun goes down, the stars come out And all that counts is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came Nathan: You cast a spell on me, spell on me You hit me like the sky fell on me, fell on me And I decided you look well on me, well on me So let's go somewhere no one else can see you and me Tom: Turn the lights out now Now I'll take you by the hand Hand you another drink Drink it if you can Can you spend a little time? Time is slipping away Away from us, so stay Stay with me, I can make Make you glad you came All: The sun goes down, the stars come out And all that counts is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came, Jay: I'm glad you came Siva: You cast a spell on me, spell on me You hit me like the sky fell on me, fell on me And I decided you look well on me, well on me So let's go somewhere no one else can see you and me Nathan: Turn the lights out now Now I'll take you by the hand Hand you another drink Drink it if you can Can you spend a little time? Time is slipping away Away from us, so stay Stay with me, I can make Make you glad you came All: The sun goes down, the stars come out And all that counts is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came, Jay: I'm glad you came I'm glad you came So glad you came I'm glad you came I'm glad you came Max: The sun goes down, the stars come out And all that counts is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came, I'm glad you cameYellow diamonds in the light Now we're standing side by side As your shadow crosses mine What it takes to come alive It's the way I'm feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place Shine a light through an open door Love and life I will divide Turn away 'cause I need you more Feel the heartbeat in my mind It's the way I'm feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place Yellow diamonds in the light Now we're standing side by side As your shadow crosses mine We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place(RedOne...) Oh, let's go to the beach, each Let's go get a wave They say, what they gonna say? Have a drink, clink Found the Bud Lite Bad bitches {1} like me Is hard to come by The Patrón, on Let's go get it on The zone, own Yes I'm in the zone Is it two, three? Leave a good tip I'mma blow off my money And don't give two shits I'm on the floor, floor I love to dance So give me more, more Till I can't stand Get on the floor, floor Like it's your last chance If you want more, more Then here I am Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Can't stop 'cause we're so high Let's do this one more time Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Let's do this one last time Hands up... (We're higher than a motherfucker){2} (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker) Jump in my hoopty-hoopty-hoop I own that And I ain't paying My rent this month I owe that But fuck who you want {3} And fuck who you like Dance all ya life There's no end in sight Twinkle twinkle little star Now everybody let me hear You say ray ray ray Now spend all your money 'Cause today pay day And if you're a G You a G-G-G My name is Onika You can call me Nicki Get on the floor, floor Like it's your last chance If you want more, more Then here I am Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Can't stop 'cause we're so high Let's do this one more time Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Let's do this one last time Hands up... (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker) Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Can't stop 'cause we're so high Let's do this one more time Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Let's do this one last time Hands up... (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker)[Etta James] Oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yeah I get a feeling that I never never never never had before, no no I get a good feeling, yeah Oh oh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yeah I get a feeling that I never never never never had before, no no I get a good feeling, yeah [Flo Rida] Yes I can, doubt that I leave, I'm running with this plan Pull me, grab me, crabs in a bucket can't have me I'll be the president one day January first, oh, you like that gossip Like You the One Drinking What God Sip.com? Now I gotta work with your tongue How many Rolling Stones you want? Yeah I got a brand new spirit, Speak it and it's done Woke up on the side of the bed like I won Talk like a winner, my chest to that sun G5 dealer, US to Taiwan I hope you say that, I wanna play back Mama knew I was a needle in a hay stack A Bugatti boy, plus Maybach I got a feeling it's a wrap, ASAP [Etta James] Oh, oh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yeah I get a feeling that I never never never never had before, no no I get a good feeling, yeah Oh oh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yeah I get a feeling that I never never never never had before, no no I get a good feeling, yeah [Flo Rida] The mountain top, walk on water I got power, feel so royal One second, imma strike oil Diamond, platinum, no more for you Gotta drill a land, never giving in Giving up's not an option, gotta get it in Witness I got the heart of 20 men No fear, go to sleep in the lion's den That flow, that spark, that crown You looking at the king of the jungle now Stronger than ever can't hold me down A hundred miles feelin' from the picture smile Straight game face, it's game day See me running through the crowd full of melee No trick plays, I'm Bill Gates, Take a genius to understand me [Etta James] Oh, oh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yeah I get a feeling that I never never never never had before, no no I get a good feeling, yeah Oh oh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yeah I get a feeling that I never never never never had before, no no I get a good feeling, yeah [Flo Rida] Good feelin', good feelin' I know you got the good feelin' Let's get it, let's get it [Etta James] Gotta love the life that we livin' Let's get it, let's get it I know you got the good feelin' Let's get it, let's get it Gotta love the life that we livin' Oh, oh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yeah I get a feeling that I never never never never had before, no no I get a good feeling, yeah Oh oh, sometimes I get a good feeling, yeah I get a feeling that I never never never never had before, no no I get a good feeling, yeahI let it fall, my heart And as it fell, you rose to claim it It was dark, and I was over Until you kissed my lips and you saved me My hands, they were strong But my knees were far too weak To stand in your arms Without falling to your feet But there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true And the games you'd play, you would always win, always win But I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name When I lay with you I could stay there, close my eyes Feel you here, forever You and me together, nothing is better 'Cause there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true And the games you'd play, you would always win, always win But I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name I set fire to the rain And I threw us into the flames When we fell, something died 'Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time Sometimes I wake up by the door That heart you caught must be waiting for you Even now when we're already over I can't help myself from looking for you I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name I set fire to the rain And I threw us into the flames When we fell, something died 'Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time Burn, oh Oh, no Let it burn, oh Let it burn Let it burnYou're insecure Don't know what for You're turning heads when you walk through the door Don't need make-up to cover up Being the way that you are is enough Everyone else in the room can see it Everyone else but you Baby, you light up my world like nobody else The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed But when you smile at the ground, it ain't hard to tell You don't know You don't know you're beautiful If only you saw what I can see You'll understand why I want you so desperately Right now I'm looking at you and I can't believe You don't know You don't know you're beautiful, oh oh That's what makes you beautiful So come on You got it wrong To prove I'm right, I put it in a song I don't know why You're being shy And turn away when I look into your eyes Everyone else in the room can see it Everyone else but you Baby, you light up my world like nobody else The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed But when you smile at the ground, it ain't hard to tell You don't know You don't know you're beautiful If only you saw what I can see You'll understand why I want you so desperately Right now I'm looking at you and I can't believe You don't know You don't know you're beautiful, oh oh That's what makes you beautiful Na na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na Na na na na na na na na na Na na na na na na Baby, you light up my world like nobody else The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed But when you smile at the ground, it ain't hard to tell You don't know You don't know you're beautiful Baby, you light up my world like nobody else The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed But when you smile at the ground, it ain't hard to tell You don't know You don't know you're beautiful If only you saw what I can see You'll understand why I want you so desperately Right now I'm looking at you and I can't believe You don't know, oh oh You don't know you're beautiful, oh oh You don't know you're beautiful, oh oh That's what makes you beautifulCan you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Let me know Girl I'm gonna show you how to do it And we start real slow You just put your lips together And you come real close Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Here we go Look, I'm betting you like Bebop And I'm betting you love freak mode And I'm betting you like girls that give love to girls And stroke your little ego I bet you I'm guilty, your honor (honor) That's just how we live in my genre (genre) When the hell them plait the rope wider? There's only one Flo, and one Rida I'm a damn shame, order more champagne Pull a damn hamstring, try'na put it on ya Let your lips spin back around cover Slow it down baby, take a little longer Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Let me know Girl I'm gonna show you how to do it And we start real slow You just put your lips together And you come real close Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Here we go Whistle baby, whistle baby Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby Whistle baby, whistle baby Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby It's like everywhere I go My whistle ready to blow Shorty don't leave a note She can get any by the low Permission not approved It's okay, it's under control Show me soprano 'Cause girl you can handle Baby we start snagging You come up in part clothes Girl I'm the whistle man My Bugatti the same road Show me your perfect pitch You got it, my banjo Talented with your lips Like you blew out the candles So amusing (musing) Now you can make a whistle with the music (music) Hope you ain't got no issue, you can do it (do it) Give in if it no fiction, never lose it (lose it) Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Let me know Girl I'm gonna show you how to do it And we start real slow You just put your lips together And you come real close Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Here we go Whistle baby, whistle baby, Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby Whistle baby, whistle baby, Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby Go girl you can twerk it Let me see you whistle while you work it I'mma lay it back, don't stop it 'Cause I love it how you drop it, drop it, drop it on me Now, shorty let that whistle blow, oh, oh, oh Yeah, baby make that whistle blow, oh, oh Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Let me know Girl I'm gonna show you how to do it And we start real slow You just put your lips together And you come real close Can you blow my whistle baby, whistle baby? Here we go Whistle baby, whistle baby Whi-whistle baby, whistle baby Whistle baby, whistle baby Whi-whistle baby, whistle babyWe should be sorry you're the one who left. Listen, I'm gonna be late for work. Bye. On the other side of a street I knew Stood a girl that looked like you I guess that's déjà vu But I thought this can't be true 'Cause you moved to west L.A. or New York or Santa Fe Or wherever to get away from me Oh but that one night Was more than just right I didn't leave you 'cause I was all through Oh I was overwhelmed and frankly scared as hell Because I really fell for you Oh I swear to ya I'll be there for ya This is not a drive by Just a shy guy looking for a 2-ply Hefty bag to hold my love When you move me everything is groovy They don't like it sue me The way you do me Oh I swear to ya I'll be there for ya This is not a drive by On the other side of a downward spiral My love for you went viral And I loved you every mile you drove away But now here you are again So let's skip the ‘How you been?’ And get down to the ‘more than friends’ at last Oh but that one night was still the highlight I didn't need you until I came to And I was overwhelmed and frankly scared as hell Because I really fell for you Oh I swear to ya I'll be there for ya This is not a drive by Just a shy guy looking for a 2-ply Hefty bag to hold my love When you move me everything is groovy They don't like it sue me The way you do me Oh I swear to ya I'll be there for ya This is not a drive by Please believe that when I leave There's nothing up my sleeve but love for you And a little time to get my head together too On the other side of a street I knew Stood a girl that looked like you I guess that's déjà vu But I thought this can't be true 'Cause... Oh I swear to ya I'll be there for ya This is not a drive by Just a shy guy looking for a 2-ply Hefty bag to hold my love When you move me everything is groovy They don't like it sue me The way you do me Oh I swear to ya I'll be there for ya This is not a drive by",

"Everybody get up Ooh Everybody get up (hey, hey, hey) (Hey, hey, hey) Oh (Hey, hey, hey) Wooh Turn it up If you can't hear what I'm trying to say If you can't read from the same page Maybe I'm going deaf (hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm going blind (hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm out of my mind (hey, hey, hey) (Everybody get up) Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature Just let me liberate you (hey, hey, hey) You don't need no papers (hey, hey, hey) That man is not your maker (hey, hey, hey) And that's why I'm gon' take a good girl I know you want it I know you want it I know you want it You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (oh yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted I hate these blurred lines I know you want it (yeah) I know you want it (oh yeah yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl (hey) The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty (hey, hey, hey) Go ahead, get at me (Everybody get up) (come on) What do they make dreams for When you got them jeans on? What do we need steam for? You the hottest bitch in this place! I feel so lucky (hey, hey, hey) You wanna hug me (hey, hey, hey) What rhymes with hug me? (hey, hey, hey) (Everybody get up) Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature (a-ha) Just let me liberate you (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) You don't need no papers (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) That man is not your maker (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) And that's why I'm gon' take a good girl I know you want it (ooh) I know you want it (hey, hey) I know you want it (ooh) You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (ooh) (yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted (Everybody get up) I hate these blurred lines (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it But you're a good girl (good girl) The way you grab me (Hustle Gang, Homie) Must wanna get nasty (Let go, I said rock) Go ahead, get at me One thing I ask you Let me be the one you back that ass into (come on) Go from Malibu to Paribu Yeah, I had a bitch, but she ain't bad as you So hit me up when you passing through I'll give you something big enough to tear your ass in two Swag on, even when you dress casual I mean it's not almost unbearable Then, honey, you're not there when I'm With my foresight bitch you pay me by Nothing like your last guy, he too square for you He don't smack that ass and pull your hair like that So I jail watch (jail watch) Hand wave (hand wave) for you to salute And choose but you didn't pick Not many women can refuse this pimpin' But I'm a nice guy, but you get it if you get with me Shake the vibe, get down (Ooh) Get up Do it like it hurt Like it hurt What you doing like work Hey yeah, hey (everybody get up) Baby, can you breathe? I got this from Jamaica It always works for me Dakota to Decatur (a-ha) No more pretending (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) 'Cause now you in it (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) Here's our beginning (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) I always wanted a good girl I know you want it (ooh) (hey) I know you want it I know you want it (ooh) You're a good girl (hey, yeah) Can't let it get past me (ooh) (hey yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted I hate these blurred lines (everybody get up) I know you want it (ooh) (hey) I know you want it (oh yeah, yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl (hey) The way you grab me (ooh) Must wanna get nasty (hey, hey, hey) Go ahead, get at me (ooh) Everybody get up (ooh) Everybody get up (ooh) Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey (ooh) Hey, hey, hey(Ho!) (Hey!) (Ho!) (Hey!) (Ho!) I've been trying to do it right (Hey!) I've been living a lonely life (Ho!) I've been sleeping here instead (Hey!) I've been sleeping in my bed (Ho!) I've been sleeping in my bed (Hey!) (Ho!) (Ho!) So show me family (Hey!) All the blood that I would bleed (Ho!) I don't know where I belong (Hey!) I don't know where I went wrong (Ho!) But I can write a song (Hey!) (One, two, three) I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweet (Ho!) (Hey!) (Ho!) (Hey!) (Ho!) I don't think you're right for him (Hey!) Look at what it might have been if you (Ho!) Took the bus to Chinatown (Hey!) I've been standing on Canal (Ho!) And Bowery (Hey!) (Ho!) And she'd be standing next to me (Hey!) (One, two, three) I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart And love we need is now Let's hope for some 'Cause oh, we're bleeding out I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweet (Ho!) (Hey!) (Ho!) (Last one...) (Hey!)Rihanna: All along it was a fever A cold sweat hot-headed believer I threw my hands in the air and said show me something He said, if you dare come a little closer 'Round and around and around and around we go Ohhh now tell me now, tell me now, tell me now you know Not really sure how to feel about it Something in the way you move Makes me feel like I can't live without you And it takes me all the way I want you to stay Mikky Ekko: It's not much of a life you're living It's not just something you take, it's given 'Round and around and around and around we go Ohhh now tell me now, tell me now, tell me now you know Not really sure how to feel about it Something in the way you move Makes me feel like I can't live without you And it takes me all the way And I want you to stay Rihanna & Mikky Ekko: Ohhh the reason I hold on Ohhh 'cause I need this hole gone Funny you're the broken one but I'm the only one who needed saving 'Cause when you never see the light, it's hard to know which one of us is caving Rihanna: Not really sure how to feel about it Something in the way you move Rihanna & Mikky Ekko: Makes me feel like I can't live without you And it takes me all the way Rihanna: I want you to stay, stay Rihanna & Mikky Ekko: I want you to stay, ohhhLike the legend of the phoenix, huh All ends with beginnings What keeps the planets spinning, uh huh The force from the beginning, huh, look We've come too far To give up who we are So let's raise the bar And our cups to the stars She's up all night 'til the sun I'm up all night to get some She's up all night for good fun I'm up all night to get lucky We're up all night 'til the sun We're up all night to get some We're up all night for good fun We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky The present has no ribbon Your gift keeps on giving What is this I'm feeling? If you want to leave, I'm with it, uh huh We've come too far To give up who we are So let's raise the bar And our cups to the stars She's up all night 'til the sun I'm up all night to get some She's up all night for good fun I'm up all night to get lucky We're up all night 'til the sun We're up all night to get some We're up all night for good fun We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get together We're up all night to get (Oh, we might get funked again) We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky (We're up all night to get lucky) We've come too far (We're up all night to get lucky) To give up (We're up all night to get lucky) Who we are (We're up all night to get lucky) So let's (We're up all night to get lucky) Raise the bar (We're up all night to get lucky) And our cups (We're up all night to get lucky) To the stars (We're up all night to get lucky) She's up all night 'til the sun I'm up all night to get some She's up all night for good fun I'm up all night to get lucky We're up all night 'til the sun We're up all night to get some We're up all night for good fun We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get luckyI'm waking up to ash and dust I wipe my brow and sweat my rust I'm breathing in the chemicals I'm breaking in and shaping up Then checking out on the prison bus This is it, the apocalypse, whoa I'm waking up, I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age Whoa oh... Whoa... I'm radioactive, radioactive Whoa oh... Whoa... I'm radioactive, radioactive I raise my flag, dye my clothes It's a revolution, I suppose We're painted red to fit right in, whoa I'm breaking in and shaping up Then checking out on the prison bus This is it, the apocalypse, whoa I'm waking up, I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age Whoa oh... Whoa... I'm radioactive, radioactive Whoa oh... Whoa... I'm radioactive, radioactive All systems go, the sun hasn't died Deep in my bones, straight from inside I'm waking up, I feel it in my bones Enough to make my system blow Welcome to the new age, to the new age Welcome to the new age, to the new age Whoa oh... Whoa... I'm radioactive, radioactive Whoa oh... Whoa... I'm radioactive, radioactiveI used to bite my tongue and hold my breath Scared to rock the boat and make a mess So I sat quietly Agreed politely I guess that I forgot I had a choice I let you push me past the breaking point I stood for nothing So I fell for everything You held me down, but I got up Already brushing off the dust You hear my voice, you hear that sound Like thunder, gonna shake the ground You held me down, but I got up Get ready 'cause I've had enough I see it all, I see it now I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter Dancin' through the fire 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar Now I'm floatin' like a butterfly Stinging like a bee, I earned my stripes I went from zero To my own hero You held me down, but I got up Already brushing off the dust You hear my voice, you hear that sound Like thunder, gonna shake the ground You held me down, but I got up Get ready 'cause I've had enough I see it all, I see it now I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter Dancin' through the fire 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh (hey) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (you'll hear me roar) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar Roar, oh, roar, oh, roar I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter (I got the eye of the tiger) Dancin' through the fire (dancin' through the fire) 'Cause I am the champion (yeah) And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion (roar louder) 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar (you're gonna hear me roar) ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (yeah) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar (roar) ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (you'll hear me roar) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar (hear me roar)One, two, one, two, three Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Never had much faith in love or miracles (Oooh!) Never wanna put my heart on the line (Oooh!) But swimming in your world is something spiritual (Oooh!) I'm born again every time you spend the night (Oooh!) 'Cause your sex takes me to paradise Yeah, your sex takes me to paradise And it shows Yeah, yeah, yeah 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) You bring me to my knees, you make me testify (Oooh!) You can make a sinner change his ways (Oooh!) Open up your gates 'cause I can't wait to see the light (Oooh!) And right there is where I wanna stay (Oooh!) 'Cause your sex takes me to paradise Yeah, your sex takes me to paradise And it shows Yeah, yeah, yeah 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Ohohoho Yeah, yeah, yeah Can I just stay here? Spend the rest of my days here? Ohohoho Yeah, yeah, yeah Can't I just stay here? Spend the rest of my days here? 'Cause you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Yeah, you make feel like I've been locked out of heaven For too long For too long Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!) Oh yeah, yeah Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Oooh!)Once upon a time, a few mistakes ago I was in your sights, you got me alone You found me, you bound me, you bound me I guess you didn't care and I guess I liked that And when I fell hard, you took a step back Without me, without me, without me And he's long gone when he's next to me And I realize the blame is on me 'Cause I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been Till you put me down Oh, I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been Now I'm lying on the cold, hard ground Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble No apologies, he'll never see you cry Pretends he doesn't know that he's the reason why You're drowning, you're drowning, you're drowning Now I heard you moved on from whispers on the street A new notch in your belt is all I'll ever be And now I see, now I see, now I see He was long gone when he met me And I realise the joke is on me, hey I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been Till you put me down Oh, I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been, yeah Now I'm lying on the cold, hard ground Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble And the saddest fear comes creeping in That you never loved me, or her, or anyone, or anything, yeah I knew you were trouble when you walked in So shame on me now Flew me to places I'd never been Till you put me down Oh, I knew you were trouble when you walked in (You were right there) So shame on me now (You were right there) Flew me to places I'd never been(Oh) Now I'm lying on the cold, hard ground Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble Oh, oh, trouble, trouble, trouble I knew you were trouble when you walked in Trouble, trouble, trouble I knew you were trouble when you walked in Trouble, trouble, troubleSame bed, but it feels just a little bit bigger now Our song on the radio, but it don't sound the same When our friends talk about you all it does is just tear me down 'Cause my heart breaks a little when I hear your name And it all just sound like, ‘Oooh.’ Hmmm, too young, too dumb to realize That I should've bought you flowers and held your hand Should've gave you all my hours when I had the chance Take you to every party 'cause all you wanted to do was dance Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man My pride, my ego, my needs and my selfish ways Caused a good strong woman like you to walk out my life Now I'll never, never get to clean up the mess I made, oh And that haunts me every time I close my eyes It all just sounds like, ‘Oooh.’ Mmm, too young, too dumb to realize That I should've bought you flowers and held your hand Should've gave all my hours when I had the chance Take you to every party 'cause all you wanted to do was dance Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man Although it hurts I'll be the first to say that I was wrong Oh, I know I'm probably much too late To try and apologize for my mistakes But I just want you to know I hope he buys you flowers, I hope he holds your hands Give you all his hours when he has the chance Take you to every party 'cause I remember how much you loved to dance Do all the things I should've done when I was your man Do all the things I should've done when I was your manThere's a light, and I can see it in your eyes There's a memory of the way you used to be Nothing's gone, it still shines, every time you turn it on And when you slow it down... People working every night and day Never give yourself no time Got too many bills to pay Slow down, nothing's gonna disappear If you give yourself some room To move to the music you hear Gotta get up, listen to me Clappa your hands, stompa your feet Nothing is wrong, if you move to the beat Clappa your hands, stompa your feet Stompa your feet People looking for the great escape Looking to the greener side Trying to find a better way Slow down, open up your big brown eyes Feel the rhythm in your heart You don't even need to try Gotta get up, listen to me Clappa your hands, stompa your feet Nothing is wrong, if you move to the beat Clappa your hands, stompa your feet Stompa your feet When you can't seem to shake off all the feelings that are breaking Little pieces of the music that are in you All the pain that you feel I can prove it's not real There's just one thing you gotta do Gotta get up, listen to me Clappa your hands, stompa your feet Nothing is wrong, if you move to the beat Clappa your hands, stompa your feet Stompa your feet Stompa your feet Stompa your feet",

"It might seem crazy what I'm 'bout to say Sunshine she's here, you can take a break I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space With the air, like I don't care baby by the way Huh (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do Here come bad news talkin' this and that (Yeah) Well, give me all you got and don't hold it back (Yeah) Well, I should probably warn you I'll be just fine (Yeah) No offense to you, don't waste your time Here's why (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Hey, come on) (Uh) (Happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Uh, say what? Huh) (Happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Huh) (Happy) Bring me down, I said (Let me tell you now) (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Happy, happy, happy, happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy) Bring me down, I said (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do, yeah (Hey, come on) (Uh) (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Happy, happy, happy, happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy) Bring me down, I said (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you, ay ay ay (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you want to do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you, hey, hey (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do Huh, come onWhat would I do without your smart mouth Drawing me in and you kicking me out? Got my head spinning, no kidding I can't pin you down What's going on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me But I'll be alright My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm outta my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll gives my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh How many times do I have to tell you Even when you're crying, you're beautiful too? The world is beating you down I'm around through every mood You're my downfall, you're my muse My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues I can't stop singing This ringing in my head for you My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all, all of you Cards on the table We're both showing hearts Risking it all though it's hard 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh I give you all of me, yeah And you give me all of you, ohJuicy J Yeah, y'all know what it is Katy Perry Juicy J Uh huh, let's rave Katy Perry I knew you were You were gonna come to me And here you are But you better choose carefully 'Cause I I'm capable of anything Of anything And everything Make me your Aphrodite Make me your one and only But don't make me your enemy Your enemy Your enemy So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for Baby, do you dare to do this? 'Cause I'm comin' atcha like a dark horse (Hey) Are you ready for, ready for (Hey) A perfect storm, perfect storm (Hey, hey) 'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey) There's no going back Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey Mark my words This love will make you levitate Like a bird Like a bird without a cage But down to earth If you choose to walk away Don't walk away It's in the palm of your hand now, baby It's a yes or a no, no maybe So just be sure Before you give it all to me All to me Give it all to me So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for Baby, do you dare to do this? 'Cause I'm comin' atcha like a dark horse (Hey) Are you ready for, ready for (Hey) A perfect storm, perfect storm (Hey, hey) 'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey) There's no going back Juicy J She's a beast I call her Karma She'll eat your heart out Like Jeffrey Dahmer Be careful Try not to lead her on Shorty heart is on steroids 'Cause her love is so strong You may fall in love when you meet her If you get the chance, you better keep her She's sweet as pie but if you break her heart She'll turn cold as a freezer That fairy tale ending With a knight in shining armor She can be my Sleeping Beauty I'm gon' put her in a coma Now I think I love her Shorty so bad, sprung and I don't care She ride me like a roller coaster Turned the bedroom into a fair Her love is like a drug I was tryna hit it and quit it But li'l mama's so dope I messed around and got addicted Katy Perry So you wanna play with magic? Boy, you should know what you're fallin' for (you should know) Baby, do you dare to do this? 'Cause I'm comin' atcha like a dark horse (like a dark horse) (Hey) Are you ready for, ready for (ready for) (Hey) A perfect storm, perfect storm (a perfect storm) (Hey, hey) 'Cause once you're mine, once you're mine (oh) (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey) There's no going backBecause you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Yeah it's pretty clear, I ain't no size two But I can shake it, shake it like I'm supposed to do 'Cause I got that boom boom that all the boys chase All the right junk in all the right places I see the magazines working that Photoshop We know that shit ain't real, come on now, make it stop If you got beauty beauty just raise 'em up 'Cause every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top Yeah, my mama she told me don't worry about your size She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey I'm bringing booty back Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that No, I'm just playing, I know you think you're fat But I'm here to tell you Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top Yeah, my mama she told me don't worry about your size She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Said I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Said I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Oh, I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass 'Bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey hey Hey, hey, ooh You know you like this bass YeahGuess it's true, I'm not good at a one-night stand But I still need love 'cause I'm just a man These nights never seem to go to plan I don't want you to leave, will you hold my hand? Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need This ain't love it's clear to see But darling, stay with me Why am I so emotional? No it's not a good look, gain some self control And deep down I know this never works But you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need This ain't love it's clear to see But darling, stay with me Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need This ain't love it's clear to see But darling, stay with me Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need This ain't love it's clear to see But darling, stay with meI stay out too late Got nothin' in my brain That's what people say, mmh-hmm That's what people say, mmh-hmm I go on too many dates (heh-heh) But I can't make 'em stay At least that's what people say, mmh-hmm That's what people say, mmh-hmm But I keep cruisin' Can't stop, won't stop movin' It's like I got this music In my mind sayin', ‘it's gonna be all right’ 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I never miss a beat, ah I'm lightnin' on my feet And that's what they don't see, mmh-hmm That's what they don't see, mmh-hmm I'm dancin' on my own (dancin' on my own) I'll make the moves up as I go (moves up as I go) And that's what they don't know, mmh-hmm That's what they don't know, mmh-hmm But I keep cruisin' Can't stop, won't stop groovin' It's like I got this music In my mind sayin', ‘it's gonna be all right’ 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Hey, hey, hey Just think while you've been getting down and out about the liars and the dirty, dirty cheats of the world You could've been getting down to this sick beat My ex-man brought his new girlfriend She's like, ‘Oh my God’ But I'm just gonna shake And to the fella over there With the hella good hair Won't you come on over, baby We can shake, shake, shake Yeah, oh 'Cause the players gonna play, play, play, play, play And the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate (haters gonna hate) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) Heartbreakers gonna break, break, break, break, break (mmm) And the fakers gonna fake, fake, fake, fake, fake (they fake, they fake, they fake) Baby, I'm just gonna shake, shake, shake, shake, shake I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo) I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (you got to) I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off I, I, I shake it off, I shake it off (whoo)Iggy First things first, I'm the realest (realest) Drop this and let the whole world feel it (let 'em feel it) And I'm still in the Murda Bizness I can hold you down like I'm givin' lessons in physics (right, right) You should want a bad bitch like this (ha) Drop it low and pick it up just like this (yeah) Cup of Ace, cup of Goose, cup of Cris High heels, somethin' worth a half a ticket on my wrist (on my wrist) Takin' all the liquor straight, never chase that (never) Rooftop like we bringin' '88 back (What?) Bring the hooks in, where the bass at? Champagne spillin', you should taste that Charli I'm so fancy, you already know I'm in the fast lane from L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy, can't you taste this gold? Remember my name, 'bout to blow Iggy I said baby, I do this, I thought that you knew this Can't stand no haters and honest, the truth is And my flow retarded, they speak it, depart it Swagger on super, I can't shop at no department Better get my money on time, if they not money, decline And swear I meant that there so much that they give that line a rewind So get my money on time, if they not money, decline I just can't worry 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind Now tell me, who that, who that? That do that, do that? Put that paper over all, I thought you knew that, knew that I be that I-G-G-Y, put my name in bold I been working, I'm up in here with some change to throw Charli I'm so fancy, you already know I'm in the fast lane from L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy, can't you taste this gold? Remember my name, 'bout to blow Trash the hotel Let's get drunk on the mini bar Make the phone call Feels so good getting what I want Yeah, keep on turning it up Chandelier swinging, we don't give a fuck Film star, yeah I’m deluxe Classic, expensive, you don't get to touch, ow! Iggy Still stunting, how you love that? Got the whole world asking how I does that Hot girl, hands off, don't touch that Look at that I bet you wishing you could clutch that That's just the way you like it, huh? You're so good, he's just wishing he could bite it, huh? Never turn down money Slaying these hoes gold trigger on a gun like Charli I'm so fancy, you already know I'm in the fast lane from L.A. to Tokyo I'm so fancy, can't you taste this gold? Remember my name, 'bout to blow Iggy and Charli Who that, who that? I-G-G-Y That do that, do that? I-G-G-Y Wow, who that, who that? I-G-G-Y (Blow...) Who that, who that? I-G-G-Y That do that, do that? I-G-G-Y Wow, who that, who that? I-G-G-Y (Blow...)Wait till you're announced We've not yet lost all our graces The hounds will stay in chains Look upon your greatness And she'll send the call out, send the call out Send the call out, send the call out Send the call out, send the call out Send the call out, send the call out Send the call out, send the call out Send the call out, send the call out Send the call out, send the call out Send the call out, send the call out Call all the ladies out They're in their finery A hundred jewels on throats A hundred jewels between teeth Now bring my boys in Their skin in craters like the moon The moon we love like a brother While he glows through the room Dancin' around the lies we tell Dancin' around big eyes as well, ah Even the comatose They don't dance and tell We live in cities you'll never see on screen Not very pretty, but we sure know how to run things Living in ruins of the palace within my dreams And you know, we're on each other's team I'm kind of over getting told To throw my hands up in the air So there So all the cups got broke Shards beneath our feet But it wasn't my fault And everyone's competing For a love they won't receive 'Cause what this palace wants is release We live in cities you'll never see on screen Not very pretty, but we sure know how to run things Living in ruins of the palace within my dreams And you know, we're on each other's team I'm kind of over getting told To throw my hands up in the air So there I'm kinda older than I was When I revelled without a care So there We live in cities you'll never see on screen Not very pretty, but we sure know how to run things Living in ruins of the palace within my dreams And you know, we're on each other's team We're on each other's team And you know, we're on each other's team We're on each other's team And you know, and you know, and you knowI was left to my own devices Many days fell away with nothing to show And the walls kept tumbling down In the city that we love Grey clouds roll over the hills Bringing darkness from above But if you close your eyes Does it almost feel like nothing changed at all? And if you close your eyes Does it almost feel like you've been here before? How am I gonna be an optimist about this? How am I gonna be an optimist about this? We were caught up and lost in all of our vices In your pose as the dust settled around us And the walls kept tumbling down In the city that we love Grey clouds roll over the hills Bringing darkness from above But if you close your eyes Does it almost feel like nothing changed at all? And if you close your eyes Does it almost feel like you've been here before? How am I gonna be an optimist about this? How am I gonna be an optimist about this? Oh, where do we begin The rubble or our sins? Oh, where do we begin The rubble or our sins? (Oh, where do we begin) And the walls kept tumbling down In the city that we love (The rubble or our sins?) (Oh, where do we begin) Grey clouds roll over the hills Bringing darkness from above (The rubble or our sins?) But if you close your eyes Does it almost feel like nothing changed at all? And if you close your eyes Does it almost feel like you've been here before? Oh, how am I gonna be an optimist about this? How am I gonna be an optimist about this? If you close your eyes Does it almost feel like nothing changed at all?When I met you in the summer To my heartbeat's sound We fell in love As the leaves turned brown And we could be together, baby As long as skies are blue You act so innocent now But you lied so soon When I met you in the summer When I met you in the summer To my heartbeat's sound We fell in love As the leaves turned brown And we could be together, baby As long as skies are blue You act so innocent now But you lied so soon When I met you in the summer When I met you in the summer Summer",

"
When your legs don't work like they used to before And I can't sweep you off of your feet Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks And darling I will be loving you till we're seventy And baby my heart could still fall as hard at twenty-three And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe just the touch of a hand Oh me I fall in love with you every single day And I just wanna tell you I am So honey now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are When my hair's all but gone and my memory fades And the crowds don't remember my name When my hands don't play the strings the same way I know you will still love me the same 'Cause honey your soul can never grow old It's evergreen And baby your smile's forever in my mind and memory And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe it's all part of a plan I'll just keep on making the same mistakes Hoping that you'll understand But baby now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are So baby now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Oh darling, place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are Oh maybe we found love right where we are And we found love right where we areIt's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Damn, who knew All the planes we flew Good things we been through That I'd be standing right here talking to you 'Bout another path I know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up look at things different see the bigger picture Those were the days Hard work forever pays Now I see you in a better place Ah How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (lemme tell you) When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh First, you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong And what's small turned to a friendship A friendship turned to a bond And that bond will never be broken The love will never get lost And when brotherhood come first Then the line will never be crossed Established it on our own When that line had to be drawn And that line is what we reached So remember me when I'm gone How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride So let the light guide your way, yeah Hold every memory as you go And every road you take Will always lead you home, home It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh When I see you againNice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things Magic, madness, heaven, sins Saw you there and I thought ‘Oh my God, look at that face!’ You look like my next mistake Love's a game, wanna play? New money, suit and tie I can read you like a magazine Ain't it funny, rumors fly And I know you heard about me So hey, let's be friends I'm dying to see how this one ends Grab your passport and my hand I can make the bad guys good for a weekend So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (mmm) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Cherry lips, crystal skies I could show you incredible things Stolen kisses, pretty lies You're the king, baby, I'm your queen Find out what you want Be that girl for a month Wait, the worst is yet to come Oh no Screaming, crying, perfect storms I can make all the tables turn Rose garden filled with thorns Keep you second-guessing like ‘Oh my God, who is she?’ I get drunk on jealousy But you'll come back each time you leave 'Cause darling, I'm a nightmare dressed like a daydream So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (mmm) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless (oh) We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't, say I didn't warn ya So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over (over) If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game 'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far (ooh) It'll leave you breathless (mmm) Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I got a blank space, baby And I'll write your nameMy lover's got humour She's the giggle at a funeral Knows everybody's disapproval I should've worshipped her sooner If the Heavens ever did speak She's the last true mouthpiece Every Sunday'sgetting more bleak A fresh poison each week We were born sick You heard them say it My church offers no absolutes She tells me, ‘Worship in the bedroom’ The only heaven I'll be sent to Is when I'm alone with you I was born sick But I love it Command me to be well A-amen, amen, amen Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my life Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my life If I'm a pagan of the good times My lover's the sunlight To keep the Goddess on my side She demands a sacrifice Drain the whole sea Get something shiny Something meaty for the main course That's a fine lookin' high horse What you got in the stable? We've a lot of starving faithful That looks tasty That looks plenty This is hungry work Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins, so you can sharpen your knife Offer me my deathless death Good God, let me give you my life Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins, so you can sharpen your knife Offer me my deathless death Good God, let me give you my life No masters or kings when the ritual begins There is no sweeter innocence than our gentle sin In the madness and soil of that sad earthly scene Only then I am human, only then I am clean Oh oh Amen, amen, amen Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my life Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my lifeAnd I know she'll be the death of me, at least we'll both be numb And she'll always get the best of me, the worst is yet to come But at least we'll both be beautiful and stay forever young This I know, yeah, this I know She told me, ‘Don't worry about it.’ She told me, ‘Don't worry no more.’ We both know we can't go without it She told me you'll never be alone, oh, oh, woo I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it, but I love it, oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it, but I love it, oh And I know she'll be the death of me, at least we'll both be numb And she'll always get the best of me, the worst is yet to come All the misery was necessary when we're deep in love This I know (this I know) , girl, I know She told me, ‘Don't worry about it.’ She told me, ‘Don't worry no more.’ We both know we can't go without it She told me you'll never be alone, oh, oh, woo I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it, but I love it, oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it, but I love it, oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (but I love it) , oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (but I love it) , oh She told me, ‘Don't worry about it.’ She told me, ‘Don't worry no more.’ We both know we can't go without it She told me you'll never be alone, oh, oh, woo I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (oh, I love it) , oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (but I love it) , oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (but I love it) , but I love it (but I love it) , oh I can't feel my face when I'm with you But I love it (when I'm with you) , but I love it (when I'm with you) , oh I can't feel my face Hey'Cause baby now we've got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby now we've got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Did you have to do this? I was thinking that you could be trusted Did you have to ruin What was shining? Now it's all rusted Did you have to hit me? where I'm weak, baby, I couldn't breathe And rub it in so deep Salt in the wound like you're laughing right at me Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Did you think we'd be fine? Still got scars on my back from your knife So don't think it's in the past These kind of wounds, they last and they last Now did you think it all through? All these things will catch up to you And time can heal but this won't So if you're coming my way, just don't Oh, it's so sad to Think about the good times You and I 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show You live like that, you live with ghosts Band-aids don't fix bullet holes You say sorry just for show You live like that, you live with ghosts Mmm, if you love like that blood runs cold 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood You know it used to be mad love So take a look at what you've done 'Cause baby, now we got bad blood, hey Now we got problems And I don't think we can solve 'em You made a really deep cut And baby, now we got bad blood, hey(Derulo...) It's too hard to sleep I got the sheets on the floor Nothing on me And I can't take it no more It's a hundred degrees I got one foot out the door Where are my keys? 'Cause I gotta leave, yeah In the back of the cab I tip the driver, 'head of time Get me there fast I got your body on my mind I want it bad Ooh, just the thought of you gets me so high, so high Girl, you're the one I want to want me And if you want me, girl, you got me There's nothing I know I wouldn't do, I wouldn't do Just to get up next to you Girl, you're the one I want to want me And if you want me, girl, you got me There's nothing I know I wouldn't do, I wouldn't do Just to get up next to you Just to get up next to you You open the door Wearing nothing but a smile, fell to the floor And you whisper in my ear, ‘Baby, I'm yours.’ Ooh, just the thought of you gets me so high, so high Girl, you're the one I want to want me And if you want me, girl, you got me There's nothing I know I wouldn't do, I wouldn't do Just to get up next to you Girl, you're the one I want to want me And if you want me, girl, you got me There's nothing I know I wouldn't do, I wouldn't do Just to get up next to you Just to get up next to you Just the thought of you gets me so high, so high Ooh, just the thought of you gets me so high, so high Girl, you're the one I want to want me And if you want me, girl, you got me There's nothing I know I wouldn't do, I wouldn't do Just to get up next to you Girl, you're the one I want to want me And if you want me, girl, you got me There's nothing I know I wouldn't do, I wouldn't do Just to get up next you (I would do anything) Just to get up next you (Anything and everything) Just to get up next to you Just to get up next to youYou're the light, you're the night You're the color of my blood You're the cure, you're the pain You're the only thing I wanna touch Never knew that it could mean so much, so much You're the fear, I don't care 'Cause I've never been so high Follow me through the dark Let me take you past our satellites You can see the world you brought to life, to life So love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Fading in, fading out On the edge of paradise Every inch of your skin is a holy grail I've gotta find Only you can set my heart on fire, on fire Yeah, I'll let you set the pace 'Cause I'm not thinking straight My head's spinning around, I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? I'll let you set the pace 'Cause I'm not thinking straight My head's spinning around, I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do (Ah) What are you waiting for?Loving can hurt, loving can hurt sometimes But it's the only thing that I know When it gets hard, you know it can get hard sometimes It is the only thing that makes us feel alive We keep this love in a photograph We made these memories for ourselves Where our eyes are never closing Hearts are never broken Time's forever frozen still So you can keep me Inside the pocket of your ripped jeans Holding me close until our eyes meet You won't ever be alone, wait for me to come home Loving can heal, loving can mend your soul And it's the only thing that I know, know I swear it will get easier, remember that with every piece of you, mmm And it's the only thing we take with us when we die Mmm, we keep this love in a photograph We made these memories for ourselves Where our eyes are never closing Hearts were never broken Time's forever frozen still So you can keep me Inside the pocket of your ripped jeans Holding me close until our eyes meet You won't ever be alone And if you hurt me That's okay baby, only words bleed Inside these pages you just hold me And I won’t ever let you go Wait for me to come home Wait for me to come home Wait for me to come home Wait for me to come home Oh you can fit me Inside the necklace you got when you were sixteen Next to your heartbeat where I should be Keep it deep within your soul And if you hurt me Well that's okay baby, only words bleed Inside these pages you just hold me And I won’t ever let you go When I'm away, I will remember how you kissed me Under the lamppost back on Sixth Street Hearing you whisper through the phone Wait for me to come homeYour man on the road, he doing promo You said keep our business on the low-low I'm just tryna get you out the friend-zone 'Cause you look even better than the photos I can't find your house, send me the info Driving through the gated residential Found out I was coming, sent your friends home Keep on tryna hide it but your friends know I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe I'mma let you know and keep it simple Tryna keep it up don't seem so simple I just fucked two bitches 'fore I saw you And you gon' have to do it at my tempo Always tryna send me off to rehab Drugs start to feelin' like it's decaf I'm just tryna live life for the moment And all these motherfuckers want a relapse I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe Hills have eyes, the hills have eyes Who are you to judge, who are you to judge? Hide your lies, girl hide your lies Who are you to trust, who are you? I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe Yenefikir, ewedeshalo Yenefikir, fikir, fikir Yenefikir, fikir, fikir, fikir Ewedeshalo, ewedeshalo Yenefikir, fikir, fikir Yenefikir, fikir, fikir, fikir",

"You gotta go and get angry at all of my honesty You know I try but I don't do too well with apologies I hope I don't run out of time, could someone call the referee? 'Cause I just need one more shot at forgiveness I know you know that I made those mistakes maybe once or twice And by once or twice I mean maybe a couple a hundred times So let me, oh let me redeem, oh redeem, oh myself tonight 'Cause I just need one more shot, second chances Is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry, yeah Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'll take every single piece of the blame if you want me to But you know that there is no innocent one in this game for two I'll go, I'll go and then you go, you go out and spill the truth Can we both say the words and forget this? Yeah, is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm not just trying to get you back on me, oh no 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry, oh Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?For all the times that you rained on my parade And all the clubs you get in using my name You think you broke my heart, oh girl for goodness sake You think I'm crying on my own, well I ain't And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself But when you told me that you hated my friends The only problem was with you and not them And every time you told me my opinion was wrong And tried to make me forget where I came from And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself For all the times that you made me feel small I fell in love, now I feel nothin' at all Had never felt so low when I was vulnerable Was I a fool to let you break down my walls? 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourselfCome on, come on, turn the radio on It's Friday night and I won't be long Gotta do my hair, put my make-up on It's Friday night and I won't be long Till I hit the dance floor Hit the dance floor I got all I need No, I ain't got cash I ain't got cash But I got you, baby Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing Come on, come on, turn the radio on It's Saturday and I won't be long Gotta paint my nails, put my high heels on It's Saturday and I won't be long Till I hit the dance floor Hit the dance floor I got all I need No, I ain't got cash I ain't got cash But I got you, baby Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing (I love cheap thrills) (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing, oh Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills)Baby, I like your style Grips on your waist Front way, back way You know that I don't play Streets not safe But I never run away Even when I'm away Oti, oti There's never much love when we go OT I pray to make it back in one piece I pray, I pray That's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me Baby, I like your style Strength and guidance All that I'm wishing for my friends Nobody makes it from my ends I had to bust up the silence You know you gotta stick by me Soon as you see the text, reply me I don't wanna spend time fighting We've got no time And that's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me Got a pretty girl and she love me long time Wine it, wine it, very long time Oh yeah, very long time Back up, back up, back up and wine it Back up, back up and wine it, girl Back up, back up, back up and wine it Oh yeah, very long time Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Tell me I need to know, where do you wanna go? 'Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow Make you lose control Where, where, where Where, where, where, where Oh yeah, very long time Where, where, where Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Where, where, where, where 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on meI took a pill in Ibiza To show Avicii I was cool And when I finally got sober, felt 10 years older But fuck it, it was something to do I'm living out in LA I drive a sports car just to prove I'm a real big baller 'cause I made a million dollars And I spend it on girls and shoes But you don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs I'm just a singer who already blew his shot I get along with old timers 'Cause my name's a reminder of a pop song people forgot And I can't keep a girl, no 'Cause as soon as the sun comes up I cut 'em all loose and work's my excuse But the truth is I can't open up But you don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs I took a plane to my home town I brought my pride and my guitar All my friends are all gone but there's manicured lawns And the people still think I'm a star I walked around downtown I met some fans on Lafayette They said tell us how to make it 'cause we're getting real impatient So I looked 'em in the eye and said You don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All that I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all that I know are sad songs, sad songsOnce I was seven years old my momma told me Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely Once I was seven years old It was a big big world, but we thought we were bigger Pushing each other to the limits, we were learning quicker By eleven smoking herb and drinking burning liquor Never rich so we were out to make that steady figure Once I was eleven years old my daddy told me Go get yourself a wife or you'll be lonely Once I was eleven years old I always had that dream like my daddy before me So I started writing songs, I started writing stories Something about the glory, just always seemed to bore me 'Cause only those I really love will ever really know me Once I was 20 years old, my story got told Before the morning sun, when life was lonely Once I was 20 years old I only see my goals, I don't believe in failure 'Cause I know the smallest voices, they can make it major I got my boys with me at least those in favor And if we don't meet before I leave, I hope I'll see you later Once I was 20 years old, my story got told I was writing about everything, I saw before me Once I was 20 years old Soon we'll be 30 years old, our songs have been sold We've traveled around the world and we're still rolling Soon we'll be 30 years old I'm still learning about life My woman brought children for me So I can sing them all my songs And I can tell them stories Most of my boys are with me Some are still out seeking glory And some I had to leave behind My brother I'm still sorry Soon I'll be 60 years old, my daddy got 61 Remember life and then your life becomes a better one I made the man so happy when I wrote a letter once I hope my children come and visit, once or twice a month Soon I'll be 60 years old, will I think the world is cold Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me Soon I'll be 60 years old Soon I'll be 60 years old, will I think the world is cold Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me Soon I'll be 60 years old Once I was seven years old, my momma told me Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely Once I was seven years old Once I was seven years oldCrashing, hit a wall Right now I need a miracle Hurry up now, I need a miracle Stranded, reaching out I call your name but you're not around I say your name but you're not around I need you, I need you, I need you right now Yeah, I need you right now So don't let me, don't let me, don't let me down I think I'm losing my mind now It's in my head, darling I hope That you'll be here, when I need you the most So don't let me, don't let me, don't let me down D-Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down, down, down Don't let me down, don't let me down, down, down R-r-running out of time I really thought you were on my side But now there's nobody by my side I need you, I need you, I need you right now Yeah, I need you right now So don't let me, don't let me, don't let me down I think I'm losing my mind now It's in my head, darling I hope That you'll be here, when I need you the most So don't let me, don't let me, don't let me down D-Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down, down, down Don't let me down, down, down Don't let me down, down, down Don't let me down, don't let me down, down, down Oh, I think I'm losing my mind now, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, I think I'm losing my mind now, yeah, yeah I need you, I need you, I need you right now Yeah, I need you right now So don't let me, don't let me, don't let me down I think I'm losing my mind now It's in my head, darling I hope That you'll be here, when I need you the most So don't let me, don't let me, don't let me down Don't let me down Yeah, don't let me down Yeah, don't let me down Don't let me down, oh no Said don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down Don't let me down, down, downWork, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Join me, I deserved it No time to have you lurking If I got right then you might like it You know I dealt with you the nicest Nobody touch me, I'm the righteous Nobody text me in a crisis I believed all of your dreams are fruition You took my heart and my keys and my vision You took my heart off my sleeve, a decoration You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation All that I wanted from you was to give me Something that I never had Something that you've never seen Something that you've never been But I wake up and everything's wrong Just get ready for work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work Duh, duh, duh, duh For you I got Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah Before the tables turned, turned, turned, turned Begging, something please Baby, don't you leave Don't leave me stuck here in the streets (no, no) If I get another chance to I will never, no never neglect you I mean, who am I to hold your past against you? I just hope that it gets to you I hope that you see this through I hope that you see this true What can I say? Please recognize I'm trying baby I been work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that I work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Yeah, okay You need to get done, done, done, done That'll work, come over We just need that slow the motion Don't give that away to no one Long distance, I need you When I see potential I just gotta see it through If you had a twin I would still choose you I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon But I know you need to get done, done, done, done If you come over Sorry if I'm way less friendly I got niggas tryna end me Oh yeah, I spilled all my emotions tonight, I'm sorry Rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling How many more shots until you're rolling? We just need a face to face You could pick the time and the place You spent some time away Now you need to forward and give me all the Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Work, work, workThis what they all been waiting for I guess so They been waiting for this shit for a long time didn’t they I'mma give it everything I got Ayo Dougie park that X6 around the corner Aye I'm just feeling my vibe right now I'm feeling myself Panda, panda Panda, panda, panda, panda, panda I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and the Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Hitting off licks in the bando Black X6, Phantom White X6 looks like a panda Going out like I'm Montana Hundred killers, hundred hammers Black X6, Phantom White X6, panda Pockets swole, Danny Selling bar, candy Man I'm the macho like Randy The choppa go Oscar for Grammy Bitch nigga pull up ya panty Hope you killas understand me I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and the Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Hitting off licks in the bando Black X6, Phantom White X6 looks like a panda Going out like I’m Montana Hundred killers, hundred hammers Black X6, Phantom White X6, panda Pockets swole, Danny Selling bar, candy Man I'm the macho like Randy The choppa go Oscar for Grammy Bitch nigga pull up ya panty Hope you killas understand me Hey Panda, panda Panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and shit sipping Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Wake up Versace shit, life Desiigner Whole buncha lavish shit They be asking round town who be clappin' shit I pullin' up stuff in the Phantom ship I got plenty of stuff of Bugatti whip look how I drive this shit Black X6, Phantom White X6, killing on camera Pop a Perc, I can't stand up Gorilla, they come and kill you with bananas Four fillas, they finna pull up in the Phantom Know niggas, they come and kill you on the camera Big Rollie, it dancing bigger than a Pandie Go Oscar for Grammy, bitch pull up your panty Fill up I'mma flip it I got bitches pull up and they get it I got niggas that's counting for digits Say you make you a lot of new money Know some killers pull off and they in the Wraith CTD,pull up in the killer Bape Call up Phillip-Phillip, gon' fill the bank, niggas up in the bank We gon' drill the bank, fuck we gon' kill the bank, get it I got broads, yeah I get it I get cards yea I shitted, this how I live it Did it all for a ticket Now Flex drop bombs when he spin it And Bobby gon' trend it Jeff The Don doing business Zana Ray fucking up shit and she doin' her business I be getting to the chicken Counting to the chicken And all of my niggas gon' split it Panda, panda Panda, panda, panda, panda, panda I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and the Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Hitting off licks in the bando Black X6, Phantom White X6 looks like a panda Going out like I'm Montana Hundred killers, hundred hammers Black X6, Phantom White X6, panda Pockets swole, Danny Selling bar, candy Man I'm the macho like Randy The choppa go Oscar for Grammy Bitch nigga pull up ya panty Hope you killas understand me I got broads in Atlanta Twisting dope, lean and the Fanta Credit cards and the scammers Hitting off licks in the bando Black X6, Phantom White X6 looks like a panda Going out like I’m Montana Hundred killers, hundred hammers Black X6, Phantom White X6, panda Pockets swole, Danny Selling bar, candy Man I'm the macho like Randy The choppa go Oscar for Grammy Bitch nigga pull up ya panty Hope you killas understand me Panda, panda Panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, panda, pandaOpen up the champagne, pop! It's my house, come on, turn it up Hear a knock on the door and the night begins 'Cause we done this before so you come on in Make yourself at my home, tell me where you been Pour yourself something cold, baby, cheers to this Sometimes you gotta stay in And you know where I live Yeah, you know what we is Sometimes you gotta stay in, in Welcome to my house Baby take control now We can even slow down We don't have to go out Welcome to my house Play that music too loud Show me what you do now We don't have to go out Welcome to my house Welcome to my house Morning comes and you know that you wanna stay Close the blinds, let's pretend that the time has changed Keep our clothes on the floor, open up champagne Let's continue tonight, come on, celebrate Sometimes you gotta stay in And you know where I live Yeah, you know what is Sometimes you gotta stay in, in Welcome to my house Baby take control now We can't even slow down We don't have to go out Welcome to my house Play that music too loud Show me what you now We don't have to go out Welcome to my house Welcome to my house Welcome to my duck off the crib, the spot, the pad But my house is your house if you throwin' it back Excuse me if my home bringing the sad, Soon as these happy faces land you can run with the cash Homerun, slam dunk, touchdown, pass Mi casa es tu casa so it ain't no holding back Another shot of vodka, you know what's in my glass It's my house, just relax Welcome to my house It's my house"]

var china = //2014 - 2015
["","","","",
"金玉良缘 时间都去哪儿了 夜空中最亮的星 哭泣 放弃 天亮前 说晚安 习惯 痛到及至 下雪了 习惯 假装 好好过
	越南 回忆 回忆 回忆 回忆 番茄 女孩 我们 非常 声音 声音 悄无声息 悄无声息 异性 名字 名字 名字 名字 需要 需要
	爱情 爱情 爱情 双人舞 大声说 大声说 你叫什么名字 夏天 夏天 时间 时间 时间 去哪儿了 去哪儿了 去哪儿了
	星光 一个人 一个人 一个人 深呼吸 深呼吸 孤单 孤单 孤单 孤单 心事 心事 曾经太年轻 曾经 曾经 太年轻 太年轻
	流浪地图 流浪地图 行 行 行 现在才明白 现在才明白 忘记你 忘记你 忘记你 雨 雨 不停歇 不停歇 路人 路人
	不哭了 不哭了 远远 我爱你 我爱你 动听 走过以后 走过以后 找一个人 用心听 用心听 我一直都在 紫外线 紫外线
	有你很快乐 黑白配 黑白配 黑白配 黑白配 错过 错过 错过 陌生人 陌生人 陌生人 陌生人 陌生人 双栖动物 双栖动物
	寻找 寻找 涂鸦 涂鸦 你的风衣 缺席 苹果 苹果 苹果 苹果 苹果 缓冲 缓冲 无缘 无缘 无缘 盒子里的猫 盒子里的猫
	你不懂 你不懂 哭泣 哭泣 哭泣 哭泣 女孩 女孩 回到慢歌 地狱天使 地狱天使 断了爱情的念头 拾起的布偶 拾起的布偶
	一个人 一个人 名字 名字 名字 越南 说晚安 说晚安", 

"仙剑情缘 仙剑情缘 太笨了 太笨了 中国 中国 中国 今晚的月亮 世界上没有无缘无故的爱 爱 爱 爱 小小的
	小小的 蚂蚁 蚂蚁 小时候 小时候 小时候 小时候 秋天 秋天 秋天 日记 日记 日记 茉莉 茉莉 阿尔山 姑娘 情儿芊芊
	云天外 云 云 天 地动山摇 断词 星语心愿 心愿 如果 如果 备胎 备胎 备胎 新鲜女友 新鲜女友 香格里拉 香格里拉
	瞬间 卢沟晓月 怀念 怀念 守望 守望 守望 就要愿意了 就要愿意了 感情戏 感情戏 感情戏 分手 分手 分手 
	好说好散 好 春天 明天 明天 元宵 雪 雪 心跳 心跳 心跳 流星 流星 疯狂 派对 派对 不如懂我 不如懂我 不如懂我
	与天为敌 悲 悲 致曾经 致曾经 一辈子 一辈子 守护你 纯爷们 纯爷们 纯爷们 银河 星星不眨眼 牵手 牵手 情歌 情歌
	酒 酒 结婚 咱们结婚吧 青春 青春 青春 告白 告白 告白 告白 等待 等待 黎明 黎明 黎明 对不起 对不起 对不起
	想 想 方向 方向 前世 前世 也许 也许 也许 城市 快乐 北上广 北上广 北上广 再见 明明 明明 牛郎织女 牛郎织女
	草原上的哥哥 雨滴 雨滴 亲爱的你 最想念的夏天 旧时光 旧时光 大声说 大声说 寂寞 寂寞 是你变了 奢求 不奢求
	辉煌 生命 生命 炽热 青春 青春 漂流记 心跳 心跳 年轮 年轮 歌手 当时的我们 一点都不痛 简单 简单 空壳 空壳
	天空飘起了小雨 天空飘起了小雨 大克星 小宇宙 小宇宙 形状 形状 形状 女人有梦 上帝 上帝 不简单 不简单
	自然的声音 毕业 毕业 自定义 自定义 风筝 风筝 朋友十年 爸爸 爸爸 人 人 回家 回家 嫁给我吧 不在乎 不在乎
	广场舞 广场舞 广场舞 炫 陪着我 年轮 年轮 演员 演员 演员 孤单 孤单 管 管",
"",""]

var japan = //years 2013 - 16
[ "","","",
"魅惑の扉 将来の展望台揺らぎそうになる 青春時代で人生が変わる 恋したいのに臆病になる 問題山積みなんだ 答えを導くためには（this､feeling） 切り捨てられない（all、night long） 夢じゃないやいやいやいやいやい 手が届きそうなGLORIA たまに見えなくなって cryやいやいやいやいやい 近道探しても同じね また迷ってしまうでしょ ah ah ah ah ah 成功者の 声高々に語るエピソード他人事みたい 今の私 小さな部屋で考えている 空想の未来に 問いかけてみるけれど（bad、feeling） イメージできないのが（all、night long） 負けてないやいやいやいやい 輝く先にGLORIA 近づいてるはずさ cryやいやいやいやいやい もう誰のせいにもしないよ 全部抱きしめていく 夢中になれなきゃ嘘ね uh uh uh 桜が咲く頃にきっと uh uh uh 新しい自分に出逢えるの 夢じゃないはずよ 報われると信じてる 本当は怖いけど cryやいやいやいやいやい 悔しい気持ちがあるから（get、Glory days） 負けてないやいやいやいやいやい 輝く先にGLORIA 近づいてるはずさ cryやいやいやいやいやい 眠れない夜に独り 膝を抱え込んでも baby泣いてる時間はない ah ah ah ah ahI keep praying Don't forget it Baby,  we keep the faith eternally I keep praying Don't forget it Baby,  we keep the faith eternally Mitsumeteru yoru wa ima yoake mae no tooi sora Tashikameru you ni terashi dasuyo ano michinori to sono saki wo Higa nobori kurikaeshi Owari no nai namida wa nai Itsuka wa sou omoeru kara Ikiru you BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT ! Ashita e no doa Hiraku kagi wa kitto kimi no te no naka BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT ! Tsukamitore mirai Unmei nante kitto Make yourself Kimi shidai I keep praying Don't forget it Baby,  we keep the faith eternally Kakenukeru kono hibiga sono mukouni nagaretemo Waratta kimi wo omoidaseba Itsu datte toki wa modorukara Kaketa tsukino katachi wo umeru youni Hito wa deai Kokoro hitotsu ni awasete kagayaku BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT ! Kitto namidawa Kanashimi janaku te yume no ashi ato BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT ! Kimi dake ni shika dekinai koto ga aru Believe yourself  Shinjite I keep praying Don't forget it Baby,  we keep the faith eternally I keep praying Don't forget it Baby,  we keep the faith eternally Sono negai ga kanau you ni inori tsuzukeru kara Itsumo hi mo BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT ! Kitto namida wa Kanashimi janaku te yume no ashi ato BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT ! Kimi dake ni shika dekinai koto ga aru Believe yourself Shinjite BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT ! Ashita e no doa Hiraku kagi wa kitto kimi no te no naka BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT ! Tsukamitore mirai Unmei nante kitto Make yourself Kimi shidai I keep praying Don't forget it Baby,  we keep the faith eternally I keep praying Don't forget it Baby,  we keep the faith eternally BREAK OUT ! BREAK OUT !季節はまた巡り　めぐるめく街 誰も君のことを氣に留めず回る そんなのどうでもいい ただ君がそばにいればいい 優しい言葉だけ並べても意味はない みんな形だけ　中身は無い 感じるBalanceちょっと變えてみれば 世界は素晴らしく見えてくる Love yourself　もう無理しないで 心のまま　君のまま 輝ける愛屆けて　君が嫌いな君が好き 不器用な君でいい　感じるまま風のまま 花のように空に舞って 君が嫌いな君を包む It's love, your love.....love yourself It's love, your love.....love yourself It's love, your love.....love yourself It's love, your love.....love yourself Ur crazyならただまだLike ParadiseからDice投げU make me fool 空模樣はLike a horror Don't be shy baby　xoxo the girl まわりはどうでもいい 大切なのは君の「ここ」だけ 決まりの「頑張れ」なんて今はいらない それが一番　傷つくから 七つ目の言葉は君色に それで全てが一つの夢に Love yourself　そう響き合う 二人奏でる　小さなNoise 信じれる愛育てて　君が嫌いな君が好き くじけそうな每日も 消えてしまいそうな夜も 空を超え聽こえてくる 遠く遠くほらこの胸に I'm singin' my love for you so that u would tell me that u wanna be with me and I feel like ...ah ah My love, your love　My life, your life This is the new, it's a new world It's a new world　輝き出す 心のまま　君のまま その瞳を僕にあずけて 君が嫌いな君が好き 不器用な君でいい　感じるまま風のまま 花のように空に舞って 君が嫌いな君を包む It's love, your love.....love yourself It's love, your love.....love yourself It's love, your love.....love yourself It's love, your love.....love yourself色とりどりのマスクかぶって　偽りのキャラを演じきって 僕はひと口　果実かじって　悪くないってかいいんじゃない?! TV/RADIOのノイズ破って　君の笑顔やけにまぶしくて 悩みの種はどこかへ飛んだ　あっけらかんでいいんじゃない? Are you ready? 完璧なんてない　sweet sweet 最大級のSoul　do it! do it! 単純なくらい　はじけろMoving now! Moving now! Are you ready? 災難だってもう　sweet sweet そうLet's GoのSign　do it! do it! 図々しいくらい　前向けMoving now! Moving now! 忘れかけてた夢を巡って　無くしかけてた愛を探して 君のナミダは　もういらないさ　もう遅い?なんて事はない! 有象無象のウワサ巡って　風がにわかに街を冷ました ここは笑顔でブレずかわして　あっけらかんでいいんじゃない? Are you ready? 考え中はない　sweet sweet 千載一遇のチャンス　do it! do it! 手に入れたんなら　駆け抜けShake it up! Shake it up! Are you ready? 正攻法はない　sweet sweet この瞬間のJuice　do it! do it! 飲み干したなら　つらぬけShake it up! Shake it up! 輝きを秘めたハートビート　刻んでゆくのさ 誰にもゆずれない　胸の奥には　光があるよ 散々な日も　(散々な日も) 最高級のスマイル　(最高級のスマイル) 図々しいくらい　はじけろMoving now! Moving now! Are you ready? 完璧なんてない　sweet sweet 最大級のSoul　do it! do it! 単純なくらい　はじけろMoving now! Moving now! Are you ready? 災難だってもう　sweet sweet そうLet's GoのSign　do it! do it! 図々しいくらい　前向けMoving now! Moving now! 輝きを秘めたハートビート…Bokura ga otona ni chikazuite Jikan ga mijikaku natteiku Mawari ga ookiku kawattemo Bokura wa kawaritaku nakatta Kono kimochi wo Itsumade motsu no? Sono fuan wo nuguikireru no? Kibou no ashita wa Kanarazu mitsukaru no? Kakenuketa hibi Hanabira sotto sotto Odoru youni matte Hajimaru yo kitto kitto Atarashii kisetsu Sono namida zutto zutto Wasurenaide ne Ima wa tada mabushikute Sakuranamiki no shita de Nido to modorenai kono toki ni Nan ni demo furetemitakatta Jiyuu toiu hi ni akogarete Aisubeki tomo to issho ni Mayoi nayande samayoi nagara Kagayaiteta Sayonara sotto sotto Omoi wo mune ni Mata koko de kitto kitto Deaeru hi made Onaji sora zutto zutto Yume oikakete Ima wa tada mabushikute A future bright and it feels right Umaku egakenai Kumo hitotsu nai sumikitta sora wo Mmiagete miagete Koreijyou namida ga Afure naiyouni Hanabira sotto sotto Odoru youni matte Hajimaru yo kitto kitto Atarashii kisetsu Sono namida zutto zutto Wasurenai kara Ima wa tada mabushikute Sayonara sotto sotto Omoi wo mune ni Mata koko de kitto kitto Deaeru hi made Onaji sora zutto zutto Yume oikakete Ima wa tada mabushikute Sakuranamiki no shita deYabai Tomarenai Tomaranai Hiru ni yoru ni asa ni singing so loud Suki na koto shiteru dake da yo Girls Go Maniac Anna MERODI Konna RIRIKKU Sagashite ikitai n da Motto motto Minna issho ni ne Chance Chance Negai wo Jump Jump kakagete Fun fun omoi wo Shout Shout tsutaeyou MISUttara RIHA tte koto ni shite, mokkai! Dare mo motteru HAATO tte iu na no shouuchuu Gyutto tsumatte iru yo Kidoairaku ya ai Shun tte nattari Waku waku shitari busy KAOSU mansai na hibi Uta ni shichaou Buchimakeacchaou Jugyouchuu mo muishiki ni Kenkyuu suru musicianship EA de OK Fun’iki daiji Fui ni kizamu RIZUMU Tsuujiacchau BIITO MAINDO Jiyuu ni ENJOI Tanoshinda mon ga kachi Gomen Yuzurenai Yuzuranai Tate Yoko Naname swinging around Suki na oto dashiteru dake da yo Girls Go Maniac Anna GURUUVU Konna RIBAAVU Tameshite ikitai n da Zutto zutto Iki awasete ne Chase Chase asu wo Break Break Yume mite Faith Faith tsuyoki de Shake Shake moriagarou Abitara Wasurerannai ssho, kassai! Honto genjitsu ha maji ki nari Shousetsu yori Bootto ikura shitete mo ne Butsukaru deai Kyun tte nattari Gutto kitari shite funny Nani kore tte unmei? Ja oborechaou Meippai kannou shichaou Shiken mae mo tsuujou toori Hikisakenai friendship Yakusoku shitenai no ni Tsui atsumaru houkago Doko datte MENBAA sorotta basho Soku SUTEEJI Kikoeru yo ne? KAUNTO Touzen Egao dashi Egao de ne Haru mo natsu mo aki mo stepping out, now Suki na hito to iru dake da yo Girls Go Maniac Anna DORAMINGU Konna KATTINGU Uketomete hoshii n da dou ka dou ka Me awasete ne Tune Tune kokoro mo Amuse Amuse kasanete Loose Loose kiraku ni Shoot Shoot waza migakou Mada mada ikeru hazu desho, Jissai! Otona tachi ha iu kedo Suki na koto bakkashicha Dame n naru tte iu kedo Sou kana!? Dou kana?? Nee Suki na koto ni muchuu n natteru shunkan tte sa Ikiteru tte Kanji da shi…Shiawase da shi……Dakara iiya. Tsuuka dame n naru wake nai. Yabbashi Tomarenai Tomaranai Hiru ni Yoru ni Asa ni singing so loud Suki na koto shiteru dake da yo Girls Go Maniac Anna MERODI Konna RIRIKKU Sagashite ikitai n da Motto motto Minna issho ni ne Chance Chance Negai wo Jump Jump kakagete Fun Fun omoi wo Shout Shout more Chance Chance negai wo Jump Jump kakagete Fun Fun omoi wo Shout Shout Tsutaeyou Kimochi ii kara Yeah ANKOORU, mokkai! Oh My God! No No music, No smile Oh My God! No No friends, No life All Right! No No No stop going our way We have a fabulous BODY, SOUL & LOVE No No music, No smile Oh My God! No No friends, No life All Right! No No No stop going our way We have a fabulous BODY, SOUL & LOVE (x3)Goin' Yeah! Just Goin' Yeah! Right Now We're Goin'! Everybody Goin' For Dream!　同じ夢を 新しい明日を　目指すWe Go Now 變わりそうなShinin' My Life 驅けだして　初めて　見える未來は 胸を搖らすGroovy Vibe Every Step, Overstep　自分信じて Anytime, Anywhere　高く Every Step, Overstep 明日を變える淚で　Get Your Dream! 力の限り走る君が　世界の壁を壞してく 道は　果てしない夢に續く 始まりは一步　踏みだそうLet's Goin' 煌めきと溜め息　代わる代わるに まだ見ぬ夢をみる 仲間たち　卷き迂んで　自由なままで 空響かすOn My Beat Every Step, Overstep　風に乘るMy Faith Anytime, Anywhere　胸に Every Step, Overstep 誰も知らない孤獨を　Shout It Loud! 力の限り走る君が　世界の壁を壞してく 道は　果てしない夢に續く 始まりは一步　踏みだそうLet's Goin' Goin' We're Goin' Just Goin' Righrt Now We're Goin' 明日を信じて　世界に飛び乘れ Your Dream解き放てGoin' Goin' Goin' Goin' Go 努力した君と挫折した日々が無情の樣で'Noooo!' Goin' Goin' Go 立ち止まる意味を探してた日々は向こうの方へ 'Goooo!' Goin' Goin' Go 苦勞と兩鄰　負けたって昨日は今日で　Change Goin' Goin' Go Goin' Goin' Go 強引だっていい Everybody Say'Oh-Oh!'　Come On　'Oh-Oh!' Everybody Say'Oh-Oh!'　Oh! 飛び乘ろう　その風に 力の限り走る君が　世界の壁を壞してく 道は　果てしない夢に續く 始まりは一步　踏みだそうLet's Goin' 力の限り走る君が　世界の壁を壞してく 道は　果てしない夢に續く 始まりは一步　踏みだそうLet's Goin' Everybody, Goin' For Dream! 一人じゃないYour Dream Going!12時を少し過ぎる頃(Oh No!)残酷なMonster 月明かり草木眠る頃(Oh No!)甦る 君の叫びで 僕は目覚める 今宵の闇へ 君をいざなう Monster 凍りつく夜が創り出す(We are)君の後ろ Who? 気付いたときはもう閉じ込める(Monster)逃げ場は無い (Just One)君の手を(Two)愛の手を (Three, Four ＆ Five)抱いて眠りたい あなたがいたから生まれてきたんだ 夜が明けるまで近くにいよう 僕の記憶が全て消えても 生まれ変わったら また君を探す 見かけじゃなくて 心を抱いて 満月の夜 君を見つけた Monster ドアの無い部屋に迷い込む(No way)誰か見てる Who? 足音がじょじょに近くなる(Runaway)でも動けない (Just One)このスリル(Two)止められない (Three, Four ＆ Five)怖がらせたい だけど本当は君が好きなんだ 朝が見えるまでとなりにいよう 一万年の愛を叫ぼう 生まれ変わっても また君を探す Monster… 12時を少し過ぎる頃… 月明かり草木眠る頃… 君の涙で 僕は目覚める 今宵の闇へ 君を連れ出す 僕の記憶が全て消えても 生まれ変わったら また君を探す 見かけじゃなくて 心を抱いて 満月の夜 君を見つけた Monster Monster…感動的な足どりで 坂を上ってゆくのはアナタ とりとめのないことで 友と心の底から　はしゃいでいる 時間が止まる景色を　見てしまうといつも それを失う未来を　想ってはふるえてしまう 哀しくもヤワなこの心臓 Okay　いつかくる　ボクのいない世界 真っ暗で静かな無限の空 Okay　それならば　もう少しだけアナタを 長く強く抱きしめてもいいよね　そうだよね 色あせた家族写真 その時ボクらは何を夢見た 今日は今日で　近い将来 古き良き時代と偲ばれるだろうか あれよあれよ　選択肢を失くしてゆくeveryday どこかまで　遡れるとしたら　どこにするだろう そこに希望はあるのでしょうか？ Okay　いつかくる　アナタのいない世界 埋められない穴をかかえさまよう Okay　泣かないで　恐がらなくていいよ 終わりがあるから　誰もが切なく輝ける 夕暮れ　グラウンドに響く声 川面をすべる小石の影 誰かの不幸せの上に　成り立つ生活(くらし) 昔から気づいてるよ ヘンチクリンな笑顔見せて　歩いているボクはナニモノ？ Okay　いつかくる　ボクのいない世界 真っ暗で静かな無限の空 Okay　それならば　もう少しだけアナタを 長く強く抱きしめてもいいよね　そうだよねいつから君のキスはなおざり？ 今もwhy don't you touch my mind すぐに tell me why you don't see my eyes. baby are we over? 愛し合うために要るability これ以上はもうないほどaffinity baby do you have another one? they might conspire. coz you're my one in a million そのままでbelieve me 君がone in a million　出會えたときに baby it's my destiny I'm gonna try. 3,2,1' so count down 笑ってよ僕の前で one more time one in a million, my one in a million 確率はby the 6th sense ＝ 2％ 君を失うことはend of the world I wanna know that reason why. don't change your mind now 間に合うのなら I wanna hold ya. 狂いそうなくらい so lonely soldier baby I love you from the bottom of heart. I miss ya coz you're my one in a million だからnever say goodbye 君がone in a million　抱き合うたびに baby it's my destiny I'm gonna try. 3,2,1' so count down. I'm gonna hunt you down come day or night one in a million,　my one in a million 運命と想いは時空(じくう)を越えて 永遠の最愛をまた 導くから be my one in a million 君しかいないからcarry on coz you're my one in a million そのままでbelieve me 君がone in a million　出會えたときに baby it's my destiny I'm gonna try. 3,2,1' so count down. I'm gonna hunt you down come day or night one in a million,　my one in a million",

"生きてる間すべて遠回り　すべて大回り　なのにそれなのに 近道探してみて　小回り　お巡りに見つからないようにばかり あげくの果ては拝み　神頼み　少しでも楽に　他人よりも前に 叶わぬと知るや否や　嫌み　ひがみ　鬼畜の極み　南無阿弥陀仏 生まれた時すなわちそれが入り口　あとは誰しもが死ぬ時が出口 生きてることそれこそ回り道　長い暇つぶし　そのものが命 なのに　なぜに我先に　向かう先は出口とも知らずに 一抜けるために日々自分探し　ならぬ肝試し　終いにゃうらめし 近道がしたいなら　すぐそこにあるよ 壱、弐の、参で　線路へ なぁなぁなぁなぁなぁなぁにしないで もんもんもんもんもんもんとさせないで まぁまぁまぁまぁまぁまぁにしないで とんとんとんとんとんとんといかないで 我らの宝それはテクノロジー　新しい命のためにエコロジー 守るべきこの地球の素晴らしい未来のために　いざ今目醒まし って何たわけた事抜かし　恥ずかしげもなく　夢見の心地に 大事に抱えたその命がこの星にとり何よりもいらんのに どうなってんだ　どうなってるんだ　あんたもう黙っておくんな どうなろうがなんだって言うんだ　そんなこた知ったこっちゃ ないんだこっちゃ　なんだっていいんだ　エンヤコラ　やんのかこら ハッケヨイでさぁさぁ　ノコッタ 地球救いたいなら　その身を捨てなよ 針千本ノックで なぁなぁなぁなぁなぁなぁにしないで もんもんもんもんもんもんとさせないで まぁまぁまぁまぁまぁまぁにしないで どんどんどんどんどんどんといかないで 消えてなくなっちゃって　じゃあね　バイバイ 望み叶って　やった　ワイワイ って拳高くあげんだ　ハイハイ 喜び勇んでさぁさぁ　バイバイ 今更なんで泣いてるんだい？ お礼の一つや二つもないかい オーライ？ どうだい なぁなぁなぁなぁなぁなぁにしないで もんもんもんもんもんもんとさせないで なんならそこで泣き散らして　ただ駄々こねくり回して 何度だって立ち尽くして　邪論、戯論、愚論まき散らしてKeep your head down U-Know time (Max) You know what time it is? This is return of the king (Modu kkeutnabeoryeotda) nan sijakdo an haebwanneunde (Heeojyeo beoryeotda) nan iyujocha mot deutgo Jubyeon sarmdeul modu hanagachi nalbogo neo wae geurae Wae geurae wae geurae nan imi nappeun nom (Joeramyeon) neol saranghan ge joeramyeon (Geuge joeramyeon) jinsil haetdaneunge joeramyeon (Naneun Keep it low, naneun Keep it low) nan chamanaego nae jaril jikyeo (Keep your head down) Neon jeongmal yeppeujiman neomu dareun neoui sogi nan neomu duryeowo (Keep your head down) Saranghaetda hajiman nan ije neol noketda (Wae?) nal geureoke swipge tteonanni (Wae?) naega swiwo boyeotdeon geoni (Wae?) nae gaseumeun jjijeojijanha (Wae?) modu han sunganui kkumieotdamyeon (Wae?) berojabeul sigani isseotdamyeon (Wae?) jebal nega haengbokhagil baraetda Na, eonjena eonjena neoreul gajin geollo chungbunhaetgo Sesangi mworaedo gateun kkumeul kkwoseo haengbokhaetgo Jigeumeun neol bonaege dwaetjiman eochapi nae gireul galppunigo Now I'm just chillin', Feel like I'm healing Neujeobeoryeotda, neon dasi doragal su eopdanda Nega eopdamyeon nan muneojil geora mitgetji yejeonbuteo neon Geugeon chakgagirago naega wae geurae wae geurae wae geurae neol tailleotjanha (Hey) nan jeongmal, jeongmal seulpeotda cheori eopdeon nega Hoksirado neppeun saram mannalkka (Why baby?) (Keep your head down) Neon jeongmal yeppeo geunde geuppuniya ne gaseume jungyohange eomneungeol (Keep your head down) Sarangui apeumeul chamneun gaseume mot bakgo (Wae?) nal geureoke swipge tteonanni (Wae?) naega swiwo boyeotdeon geoni (Wae?) nae gaseumeun jjijeojijanha (Wae?) modu han sunganui kkumieotdamyeon (Wae?) berojabeul sigani isseotdamyeon (Wae?) jebal nega haengbokhagil baraetda Ha, geureoke neo saram gatgo jangnan, jangnan chiji mara Nae apeseon yoraejorae geojitmalmaneul neureonoko Nuga bwado nuga bwado neon jeongmal ijungjeogiya (Wae wae wae) sujeong gatdeon maeumdeuri eonje geureoke takhaejyeonni Sarangeul kkeutnaetda neol bonaen gaseumi teong biwojyeotda Hajiman nae miraeneun machi ireonaseo useurago sonjitanda Neoreul bonaenda jeongmal haengbokhage sara (wae wae wae) Meon hutnare meon hutnare geunyang pyeonhage utgo sipda (Wae?) wae (Wae?) sarangeul geureoke swipge nwabeorineun neoreul (Wae?) nugunga geokjeonghalgeoran saenggageun haebwanna (Wae?) niga nwa beorin ge neoneun mwonji (Wae?) ajik moreuneun geot gata (Wae?) geudaero meomulleo nareul jikyeobwa (Keep your head down) Jiwojyeotda, sarajyeotda nae gaseume niga jugeo modu tabeoryeotda (Keep your head down) Jiwojyeotda, sarajyeotda nae gaseume niga jugeo neoneun ije eopda Translation: Keep your head down U-Know time (Max) You know what time it is? This is return of the king (Everything has ended) I didn't even start yet (We broke up) I haven't even heard the reason yet Everyone around me keeps asking me why I'm like this Why are you like that, why are you like that? I'm already the bad guy (If it's a sin) If loving you was a sin (If that was a shin) If being genuine is a sin (I'll keep it low, I'll keep it low) I'll hold it in and stand my ground (Keep your head down) You look pretty, but inside you're so different, that's what I'm afraid of (Keep your head down) I said I loved you but I'll let you go (Why?) Did you leave me so easily (Why?) Did I look easy to you? (Why?) My heart is ripping to shreds (Why?) If every moment was a dream (Why?) If only I had the time to set it right (Why?) I prayed for your happiness I was always satisfied with having you I was happy to dream the same dream as you no matter what they said I had to let you go, but I'm just walking my path anyway Now I'm just chillin', Feel like I'm healing It's too late, you said you can't come back You've always believed that I'd crumble without you That's a misunderstanding, why would I do that? why, why, I told you I wouldn't (Hey) I was really, really sad, because you were so immature And I was afraid you'd meet someone bad (Why baby?) (Keep your head down) You're really pretty, but that's all there is to you, there's nothing important inside of you (Keep your head down) A nail is driven into the heart that is holding in the pain of love Ha, Don't play with people like that In front of me, all you do is speak of lies You're such a two-faced person (Why why why) Since when did our crystal-like feelings become so opaque? Our love has ended, I've let you go, and now my heart is empty But my future is gesturing towards me to get up and smile I'm letting you go, live happily (why why why) One day far from now, far from now, I want to just smile comfortable (Why?) Why (Why?) You let go of our love so easily (Why?) Did you ever think that someone would get worried? (Why?) I don't think you know yet (Why?) Exactly just what you let go of (Why?) Just remain there and watch me grow (Keep your head down) Erased, disappeared, you've burned to death in my heart (Keep your head down) Erased, disappeared, you've died in my heart and you no longer exist地平線の先を　夜明けが照らした 止めどない　情熱に導かれ 吹きつける風さえ　追い風に変えて ここに立つ　同じ場所を目指して 傷つきながら　共に歩いた 誰も汚せない　Prideをこの胸に 一人の時も　独りじゃないと 知ったときから　迷いは消えた Baby, all for one　遥かな路(みち) Don't look back　走り抜けて Ride on, ride on, ride on, ride on beat　永久(とわ)に響け Baby, No! No! No!　独りじゃない All for you　ここにいるよ 抱きしめて　Never let you go, never let you go... 悲しみの終わりは　不意に差し伸べた 温もりが　教えてくれたね 闇が訪れても　立ち止まらないさ 遠くから　誰かが呼んでる 時計の針は　もう戻せない 切り開くのさ　自分だけのStyleで 一つの出逢い　未来を変えた 生きる証(あかし)を　強く刻もう Baby, all for one　遥かな路(みち) Don't look back　走り抜けて Ride on, ride on, ride on, ride on beat　永久(とわ)に響け Baby, No! No! No!　独りじゃない All for you　ここにいるよ 抱きしめて　Never let you go, never let you go... Baby, all for one　遥かな路(みち) Don't look back　走り抜けて Ride on, ride on, ride on, ride on beat　永久(とわ)に響け Baby, No! No! No!　独りじゃない All for you　ここにいるよ 抱きしめて　Never let you go, never let you go...誰も知らない　知られてはいけない　その瞳の奥　涙を隠してる 夢のように　時間を止めて　悲しみをそっと　眠らせたまま 今でも蘇る記憶は　傷だらけガラスのようで 刻み込まれてる　明日を信じてる 願いを今　この手に　真実を求めて 誰も知らない　物語(ストーリー)始まる 君がいるから　迷うことはない 涙は流さない　その日まで まだ見ぬ未来を　恐れることはない　目の前にある　世界を信じるだけ 手にしたもの　無くしたもの　全てにきっと　意味があるから 僕らは悲しみに暮れても　喜びに導かれてる 今を生きている　君と歩いてる 忘れないで　いつでも　僕はここにいる 誰も知らない　物語(ストーリー)は続く 全てを懸けて　守るものがある 確かなその思いを　貫いて 過去も未来も　かき混ぜるように 太陽が昇り始めた空へ… 物語(ストーリー)始まる 君がいるから　迷うことはない 長い夜を越えよう 願いを今　この手に　真実を求めて 誰も知らない　物語(ストーリー)始まる 君がいるから　迷うことはない 涙は流さない　その日まで好きとか嫌いとか　簡単な言葉じゃ　伝える事が出来ない 1年に1度の特別なこの日を　何度でもいつまでも　一番近くで 無邪気な笑顔　変わらない仕草　一つ一つ　全てが宝物 あなたが　笑って生きてる　ただそれだけで うれしくて　暖かくて　優しくなれる 僕の未来を照らしてる 母がくれたぬくもり　大きな愛に包まれて　いつだって　歩んでる 友達のたくさんの　優しさを胸に　ふざけてはけんかして　分かち合う喜び 数えきれない　程の思い出　これからも共に描くの 例えば　いつか違う世界で　生まれ変わっても 僕らは　それぞれ　同じ様に出会い 同じ様にあなたを愛すでしょう 乗り越えなきゃならない　事もあるでしょう 負けないで　何があっても　ずっと 傍に居るから 例えば　願いがかなうなら　悲しみのナミダが もう二度と　あなたに　こぼれないように 魔法をかけてくれますか あなたと　共に生きてる　素敵な笑顔で 胸はって　手をつないで　寄り添って歩いて行く そんな未来を待っている 今日もありがとうさらば 俺 地球 宇宙 月 海 恨み・怨み・憾み どんくらいLOW? うなだれ 鬱 焦燥 スクリーム 痛み・怒り・病み 崩壊モード 裏に潜んだ命(めい) (ツライ… ツライ… CRY) ふくれっ面腫らし くるまって布団で暮らす 手が痙攣 懸念が消えん 出かけれん 無論 シャバに戻すリハビリなんて無駄 憎しみすら燃えカスとして湿気る 日々ギリギリ 生きる気デンジャー 下着 シミ・シミ・シミ こげ茶 吐く息息 溜めて飲んじゃ 来る「シネ‥シネ‥シネ‥」の幻聴 LOVE & LOVE!!! 鬱PEOPLE ぶちまけろPEOPLE! 怨み波打つNIPPON 報道せよ民放 LOVE & LOVE!!! 鬱PEOPLE ばらまけリビドー 不安に波打つNIPPON ぶちまけろPEOPLE! (情緒不安定LIFE GO!) 泣き叫べど何も変わらぬ日々 我が存在価値 もはや駄菓子以下 またしても眠れん なにしても眠れん ひたすら真夜中を無駄遣い どうせ 妄想 摩訶摩訶 行動 オドオド 逃走 コソコソ 嘔吐 今日も 口頭 ボソボソ 労働 モタモタ 闘争おおよそ連戦連敗 (SHOCK!) 笑われて重症 (DIVE!) 屋上で躊躇 (JUNK!) 邪魔クズの象徴? BURNING BURNING ご臨終 (毒) 犯されて愁傷 (文句) タラタラで悠長 (弱) 最弱者ムーチョ BURNING BURNING ご臨終 御覧‥ 我々「やれ」言われ やれん! 病み病み中 御覧‥ 我々「やれ」言われ やれん! 病み病み中 飲んじゃったら また負け 吐いちゃっても また負け もうさっぱり頭働かぬ 堪忍 飲んじゃったら また言い訳 吐いちゃっても また言い訳 大雑把に言えば「もののけ」の類 さらば 俺 地球 宇宙 月 海 恨み・怨み・憾み どんくらいLOW? くたばれ ピース ロマン ドリーム 裏切られ 我 惨敗ロード 黒でくすんだ命(めい) (ツライ… ツライ… CRY) タランチュラ並みの猛毒潜ます脳で m●xi t●itter GR●E モ●ゲー荒らす ノンカフェイン・ストレス 敵は冷え性 日々ギリギリ 生きる気デンジャー 下着 シミ・シミ・シミ こげ茶 吐く息息 溜めて飲んじゃ 来る「シネ‥シネ‥シネ‥」の幻聴 LOVE & LOVE!!! 鬱PEOPLE ぶちまけろPEOPLE! 怨み波打つNIPPON 報道せよ民放 LOVE & LOVE!!! 鬱PEOPLE ばらまけリビドー 不安に波打つNIPPON ぶちまけろPEOPLE! (偏食気味LIFE GO!) 布団敷き 寝ながら アパートエレベーター ベランダ立つか ロープから引っ張るか 黄ばんだ目してテンパったアンタに問う 「ゆめにっき」描いたラストをリメイク? 白発じゃチャンスさえも蔑ろ BABY 益々 慢性の不幸せ気取り BABY (SHOCK!) 笑われて重症 (DIVE!) 屋上で躊躇 (JUNK!) 邪魔クズの象徴? BURNING BURNING ご臨終 (毒) 犯されて愁傷 (文句) タラタラで悠長 (弱) 最弱者ムーチョ BURNING BURNING ご臨終 御覧‥ 我々「やれ」言われ やれん! 病み病み中 御覧‥ 我々「やれ」言われ やれん! 病み病み中 お医者行ってもまだ効かねえ 会社行っても働けん もうさっぱり頭働かぬ 堪忍 愛し合ってもまだ弱気 泣いちゃったらまた夜明け 大雑把に言えばもう「感情無き模型」 さらば 俺 地球 月 海 恨み・怨み・憾み どんくらいLOW? 囚われ 苦痛了承済み チラ見 誰?誰? もう帰ろう もう帰ろう please me… please me… 「手首 なんの線?」 「手首 なんの傷?」 「手首 なんの線?」 「その手首 なんの傷?」 世界中の誰もが病んでるわけではねえけど 誰かは今日もうずくまってる そして内緒で「明日がラスト」と這いつくばって抜け出そうと生きてる いつだって癒しなんぞなくてもリングにあがりゴング鳴るの待ってろ 鬱くしき人々よ 「0.5生懸命」にて勝て! さらば 俺 薬 包丁 二ート 涙ギターに吸わして弾こう 膝蹴り KICK START MY傷 唾 みなぎらせ あんた色 いっそ LOVE イラネ イラネーっちゅうの LOVE イラネ イラネーっちゅうの ダーリン? 八二ー? 糞だりーし 嘘臭えぜLady 歌に 歌に 歌に入れる ギター ギター ギターに入れる イライラに刻み込んで ロックソング目で聴け ボク 死たがりで 生きたがりですIt doesn't matter if you love him, or capital H-I-M (M, M, M, M) Just put your paws up 'Cause you were born this way, baby My mama told me when I was young We are all born superstars She rolled my hair and put my lipstick on In the glass of her boudoir ‘There's nothing wrong with loving who you are’ She said, ‘'Cause he made you perfect, babe.’ ‘So hold your head up girl and you'll go far. Listen to me when I say.’ I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't be a drag, just be a queen Don't be a drag, just be a queen Don't be a drag, just be a queen (Don't be, don't be, don't be) Give yourself prudence and love your friends Subway kid, rejoice your truth In the religion of the insecure I must be myself, respect my youth A different lover is not a sin Believe capital H-I-M, hey I love my life, I love this record and Mi amore vole fe yah (Love needs faith) I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way (Don't be) Don't be a drag, just be a queen Whether you're broke or evergreen You're black, white, beige, chola descent You're Lebanese, you're orient Whether life's disabilities Left you outcast, bullied or teased Rejoice and love yourself today 'Cause baby you were born this way No matter gay, straight or bi Lesbian, transgendered life I'm on the right track, baby I was born to survive No matter black, white or beige Chola or orient made I'm on the right track, baby I was born to be brave I'm beautiful in my way 'Cause God makes no mistakes I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way Don't hide yourself in regret Just love yourself and you're set I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, yeah Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born this way Baby, I was born this way (born this way) Ooh, there ain't no other way Baby, I was born I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I was born this way, hey I'm on the right track, baby I was born this way, hey Same D.N.A. But born this way Same D.N.A. But born this wayかぞえうた さぁ なにをかぞえよう なにもない くらいやみから ひとつふたつ もうひとつと かぞえて こころがさがしあてたのは あなたのうた たとえるなら ねぇ なんにたとえよう こえもないかなしみなら ひとつふたつ もうひとつと わすれて また ふりだしからはじめる きぼうのうた わらえるかい きっと わらえるよ べつにむりなんかしなくても ひとりふたり もうひとりと つられて いつか いっしょにうたいたいな えがおのうた 僕らは思っていた以上に 脆くて 小さくて 弱い でも風に揺れる稲穂のように 柔らかく たくましく 強い そう信じて かぞえうた さぁ なにをかぞえよう こごえそうな くらいうみから ひとつふたつ もうひとつと かぞえて あなたがさがしあてたのは きぼうのうた ひとつふたつ もうひとつと ゆれてる ともしびににた きえない きぼうのうたTOKYO, SEOUL, LONDON, N.Y. kimama ni sekai o drive tonight Kakuchi de hiro suru nyu sutairu mita koto nai mono dake mise tageru Hora kotchi o mite sukoshi keikai seyo! Ano hidari handoru yori nan-bai mo I'm so fast Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Oitsukenai supido de Ne tsuite ko reru no? Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Hikari kagayaku Kedo fure rarenai no Masani Supersonic n' hypertonic Ubatte hoshii no U take me ima sugu Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Kedo kantan ni Wa ikanai no yo 1,2,3 we go ouch! Machi no akari ga marude Shooting Star tsugi no mokuteki-chi made Non-Stop Enjin-on dake noko****e dashi boja ushirode de Say good-bye Hora yosomi shinaide boken seyo! Ano migi handoru yori mo tashika yo I'm so sure Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Oitsukenai supido de Ne tsuite ko reru no? Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Hikari kagayaku Kedo fure rarenai no Masani Supersonic n' hypertonic Ubatte hoshii no U take me ima sugu Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Kedo kantan ni Wa ikanai no yo Doko e de mo jiyujizai yo So uchu no hate de sae mo Negai-dorina no yo do****e fuan'na no? And I don't know why, and I don't know why Tsuite kite yo ne I don't wanna say good bye Good bye, Good bye Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Oitsukenai supido de Ne tsuite ko reru no? Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Hikari kagayaku Kedo fure rarenai no Masani Supersonic n' hypertonic Ubatte hoshii no U take me ima sugu Mr. Taxi, Taxi, Taxi soto jeukshi jeukshi jeukshi Kedo kantan ni Wa ikanai no yoどうしても　どうしても言えない気持ちが セピアのトランクに今　溢れそうで 友達は「忘れな」と言うけれど ひとりだけ卒業　できない思い出 写真の中の　はにかむ笑顔　太陽そのままだけど 焼き付けてた　空と海　瞬きしないで キミが光る　輝くココロ　はしゃいでたままに ひとつ前の景色(シーン)で臆病にもなるけど 白く光る　キミの一番キレイなその色で 変わっていく季節を　そっと消してみて 離れても　離れても聞こえる声で キミの笑顔のために　ここで叫ぶよ 「頑張れ」と簡単に言えなくて キミに送る言葉　ずっと探してる ひとりじゃないよ　お互い背中　支えながら走り出す 今始まる　未来だけひとつ　つながって キミが生きる　この空の下　生まれてよかった 偶然でもキミとめぐり逢えた街で 白く光る　キミの幸せ祈れる喜びを ぎゅっと強く抱き締め　明日へ進むから All right　あの頃と往来してみても　どうだい? 変わらずYou're so beautiful なぁ分かるだろ?　輝く日々は咲かすだろ? あの日々より今が綺麗な君だからDon't be shy まだHigh life, right? Fine Like a sky　無いLie White shine 永遠に終わらない　パーティーはこれから 両手広げ　高く舞い上がれ キミが光る　輝くココロ　はしゃいでたままに ひとつ前の景色(シーン)で臆病にもなるけど 白く光る　キミの一番キレイなその色で 変わっていく季節を　そっと消してみて",

"[Yunho] Catch me, girl! [Changmin] Catch me now! [Robot voice] Catch me if you wanna [Yunho] Catch me if you wanna [Changmin] C-C-C-C-Catch me if you… [Yunho] Han beon dan hanbeondo kkeutkkaji naege mameul yeonjeok eobseo Nan machi byeogeul bogo seon deutan gibuniya geugeo aranni? [Changmin] Gyeote itjiman deo oerowojil ppun tonight tonight tonight Neol gidaryeotjiman igeon jom aniya ijen neol tteonanda [Yunho] Gajima han madil motanda i baboga [Changmin] Naega wae i baboman bwasseulkka? Cham motnan neol [All] Baby catch me. Catch me. Catch me, girl, tonight Tteona beorigi jeone (I’m serious I’m serious) Nareul japgo makgo ulgo ttaerigo Iyureul malhaejwotdamyeon (I’m serious I’m serious) [Yunho] Oh, moreugetda neoui mame naega gipi isseowanneunji tto, aninji [Changmin] Geuge gunggeumhae jichyeobeorigi jeone malhaejwo malhaejwo (ROAR!!) daedaphae [Changmin] Siganeun neol geureoke mukkeo dulgeoya jigeum geu jarie [Yunho] Nareul bonaejima huhoehage dwae miryeon jom tteoljima [Yunho] Gajima han madil motanda i baboga [Changmin] Naega wae i baboman bwasseulkka? Cham motnan neol [Changmin] Handongan naegen neoman gadeuk chan gibun Cham manhi haengbokhaetdeon gieogi na [Yunho] Nugudo namankeum gidaryeojul sarameun no! Eopdaneun geol [All] Neon itjima [Changmin] YEEEAAAAHHHHH!!! [Yunho] Aewonhaejugil barae nan gidarilge Ijenajeojena nal tteonajima, mallago malhae [Changmin] Neomu neuryeo, ni mameul jeonghal ttaekkaji Neoman bonda nan dodaeche wae? (ROAR!!) [Yunho] Aewonhaejugil barae nan gidarilge Ijenajeojena nal tteonajima, mallago malhae [Changmin] Babo naega wae neoreul saranghaetgenni? Neo bakke eobseo dodaeche wae? (dance break) [Yunho] Gajima han madil motanda i baboga [Changmin] Naega wae i baboman bwasseulkka? Cham motnan neol [All] Baby catch me. Catch me. Catch me, girl, tonight Tteona beorigi jeone (I’m serious I’m serious) Nareul japgo makgo ulgo ttaerigo Iyureul malhaejwotdamyeon (I’m serious I’m serious) [Robot voice] Catch me if you wanna [Yunho] Catch me if you wanna [All] C-C-C-C-Catch me if you wannaTonight 走り出す in the dark　Right now 着飾ったこの迷宮　際限(さいげん)ない Traffic lights I just need a thrill tonight, I need a thrill... ギリギリの状況じゃなきゃ　味わえない　高揚感 熱く脈打つ情熱　額に刻んだ焦燥(しょうそう) 余計な戯(ざ)れごとなんか　Don't look back anymore 単純な Make or Break　本能に従って　千載一遇の Chance 頂上まで Movin' up　切り拓く Winding road 惜しみなき Wild & Tough　史上最高の Winning run Wake up, feeling!　Wake up, feeling! 過激に舞うなら　ワルさもいいんじゃない Wake up, feeling!　Awake!　その Speed で 剥き出しの心　いっそ Drive me crazy Wow-o-woooo wo-wooo　高ぶる Heart　もぎ取る Feel Wow-o-woooo wo-wooo　恐れずに突き進め　Get some dangerous on tonight!! この道の先に Brand new world?　Brand new world　一か八かの賭けだとしても I just can't keep still tonight, I can't keep still... まだ知らない世界へ　蹴散らす　盛大に 発展途上の感情　次第に波打つ反応　急な曲がり角も　Don't be afraid anymore 進化は Give and Take　本能に従って　全身全霊で Drive 限界なら Up to date　振り切って Anywhere 攻め続け Run & Gun　派手にやれ Winning run Wake up, feeling!　Wake up, feeling!　飾りを脱ぎ捨て　狙いは大胆に Wake up, feeling!　Awake!　その Speed で　暗闇を抜けて　Easy come, easy go Wow-o-woooo wo-wooo　はためく Flag　操る Wheel Wow-o-woooo wo-wooo　恐れずに突き進め　Get some dangerous on tonight!! サングラスを投げ捨てたまま　走る Midnight　Makin' a noise 薄れていく景色の中で　Just free my soul, my soul, my soul...more! 頂上まで Movin' up　切り拓く Winding road 惜しみなき Wild & Tough　史上最高の Winning run 限界なら Up to date　振り切って Anywhere 攻め続け Run & Gun　派手にやれ Winning run Wake up, feeling!　Wake up, feeling! 過激に舞うなら　ワルさもいいんじゃない Wake up, feeling!　Awake!　その Speed で 剥き出しの心　いっそ Drive me crazy Wow-o-woooo wo-wooo　高ぶる Heart　もぎ取る Feel Wow-o-woooo wo-wooo　恐れずに突き進め Get some dangerous on, just get some dangerous on Just get some dangerous on tonight!!!Max: The sun goes down, the stars come out And all that counts is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came Nathan: You cast a spell on me, spell on me You hit me like the sky fell on me, fell on me And I decided you look well on me, well on me So let's go somewhere no one else can see you and me Tom: Turn the lights out now Now I'll take you by the hand Hand you another drink Drink it if you can Can you spend a little time? Time is slipping away Away from us, so stay Stay with me, I can make Make you glad you came All: The sun goes down, the stars come out And all that counts is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came, Jay: I'm glad you came Siva: You cast a spell on me, spell on me You hit me like the sky fell on me, fell on me And I decided you look well on me, well on me So let's go somewhere no one else can see you and me Nathan: Turn the lights out now Now I'll take you by the hand Hand you another drink Drink it if you can Can you spend a little time? Time is slipping away Away from us, so stay Stay with me, I can make Make you glad you came All: The sun goes down, the stars come out And all that counts is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came, Jay: I'm glad you came I'm glad you came So glad you came I'm glad you came I'm glad you came Max: The sun goes down, the stars come out And all that counts is here and now My universe will never be the same I'm glad you came, I'm glad you cameSeid ihr das Essen? Nein, wir sind der Jäger! 踏まれた花の 名前も知らずに 地に墜ちた鳥は 風を待ち侘びる 祈ったところで 何も変わらない ≪不本意な現状≫(いま)を変えるのは 戦う覚悟だ… 屍踏み越えて 進む意志を 嗤う豚よ 家畜の安寧 …虚偽の繁栄 …死せる俄狼の『自由』を! 囚われた屈辱は 反撃の嚆矢(こうし)だ 城壁の其の彼方 獲物を屠る≪狩人≫(イェーガー) 迸る≪殺意≫(しょうどう)に 其の身を灼きながら 黄昏に緋を穿つ 紅蓮の弓矢 矢を番え追い駈ける 標的(やつ)は逃がさない 矢を放ち追い詰める 決して逃がさない 限界まで引き絞る はち切れそうな弦 ≪標的≫(やつ)が息絶えるまで 何度でも放つ 獲物を殺すのは ≪凶器≫(どうぐ)でも 技術でもない 研ぎ澄まされた お前自身の殺意だ Wir sind der Jäger 焔のように熱く! Wir sind der Jäger 氷のように冷ややかに! Wir sind der Jäger 己を矢に込めて! Wir sind der Jäger 全てを貫いて征け! 何かを変える事が出来るのは 何かを捨てる事が出来るもの 何ひとつ≪危険性≫(リスク)等 背負わないままで 何かが叶う等…… 暗愚の想定 …唯の幻影 …今は無謀な勇気も… 『自由』の尖兵 …賭けの攻勢 奔る奴隷に勝利を! 架せられた不条理は 進撃の嚆矢(こうし)だ 奪われた其の地平『自由』(せかい)を望む≪あの日の少年≫(エレン) 止めどなき≪殺意≫(しょうどう)に 其の身を侵されながら 宵闇に紫(し)を運ぶ 冥府の弓矢Beep beep beep beep Yeah Beep beep beep beep Yeah Beep beep beep beep Yeah Beep beep beep beep Shiranai uchi ni nemutteta mitai Café terrace de hizashi ni tsutsumarete Tokei wo mitara gofun no dekigoto Table no mukou hohoemu anata wa Itsukara soko de hoozue tsuitetano Nagamete naide koe wo kaketeyo Donna toki mo matteta nante Nee watashi tte koi ni majime sugiru kana? Time machine nante iranai Kako mo mirai mo kyoumi nai Itsudatte anata to iraretara Ima ga ichiban Sonna jiyuu nante iranai Unmei no mama ga iine Sekkaku deatta koi dakara Souyo me no mae no anata ga ii Beep beep beep beep Yeah Beep beep beep beep Yeah Beep beep beep beep Kaze no namiki michi bura bura aruite Toki doki ude wo kunde mitari suruto Hazukashisouna anata wa kawaii Moeagaruyouna koi dewa naikedo Poka poka shiteru hinata ga kokochi ii Jikan wo kakete dokoka e ikou Soba ni ireba wakari aeruyone Hohoemu dake de shiawase na kimochi ni nareru Time machine nante iranai Zuru shita tte tsumaranai Korekara no futari ga dounaruka Tanoshimi dakara Short cut nante iranai Sunadokei ga ochiruyouni Ichi byou ichi byou ga daiji dashi Kono basho ni itai time machineなぜだか期待外れ 前に食った時の方が美味い って勝手にがっかりしてしまう なんてよくある話 あの時のあの味 追いかけてばかりの毎日 誰もが嵌ってしまう 罠みたいなもんだろう あの日に帰りたいと望んでも There is no turning back Go for it, baby　コエテユケ　甘い思い出を 未練だらけでも　惜しくない Go for it, baby　コエテユケ　幸福の瞬間を じっと見つめたら　捨てちまいなよ あの日の僕はもういないんだから あの子と心は乱れ 出てったきり戻らねぇ 古い写真を眺めて ため息ばっかついてた 若かりし日の美貌 ずっと求めてるんでしょう 今だから見える希望 あること知っていても 記憶の山脈に道はばまれ うずくまって泣いてるの Go for it, baby　コエテユケ　甘い思い出を 未練だらけでも　惜しくない Go for it, baby　コエテユケ　幸福の瞬間を じっと見つめたら　捨てちまいなよ そしてまた初めてキミに出会う 燃える朝の陽ざしを　全部俺にくれ 見当違いのふざけた理想　灰になればいい Go for it, baby　コエテユケ　辛い思い出を 涙枯れたら　放っておけ Go for it, baby　コエテユケ　最高の瞬間を じっとみつめたら　捨てちまえ I love you, baby　コエテユケ　再現不可能のライブ 思い知ったら　ふりむかないで 本当の最高はこれから始まる アレヲコエテユケ光が散らばっては　影は白く染まる 何万回目の夜が去って　霧立ち上る 一寸先も見えず　天地の境もない 何千万の星の瞬きもとける 見せ掛けの RISE　逃げ出せない LIES まるで出口の無い迷路みたいに 風が　空に鳴いて　君の声を掻き消してく 何度も　声が嗄(か)れても　君に呼び掛けてる 揺らめいた幻が立ち塞がっても 足跡　そっと　辿りながら進める　失望に逃げないで 帰ろう　僕らは　僕らのあるべき日まで 今日も　また　君と答え探す ぐっと　握った手の平を開いたら 希望が震え出す　霧の中で 痛みが伝わっても　DON'T LOOK BACK　もう迷わず どんな残響にでも　紛れないこの思い 手放したはずの　夢がほら疼(うず)いて 幾度染まっても偽(いつわ)れぬ心 勇敢なる TACT　ヴェールを脱ぐ FACT それは止まらない運命(さだめ)みたいに 雲が　遠く流れ　空の果てに導いてく たとえ　涙涸(か)れても　君に問い掛けてく 願いの為にならば　弱さ晒しても 傷痕　そっと　なぞりながら見つめる　瞬間を生き抜いて そして　君には　君しか描けぬ場所へ 僕は　ただ　そこでこの手伸ばす ずっと　堪(こら)えた両の目の奥底で 未来が目を醒ます　時間(とき)を越えて 夜の帳(とばり)　滲(にじ)んだ　嘘の過去を破いたら AH　本当の時間(とき)が　廻り出す　OH 何度も　声が嗄(か)れても　君に呼び掛けてる 揺らめいた幻が立ち塞がっても 足跡　そっと　辿りながら進める　失望に逃げないで 帰ろう　僕らは　僕らのあるべき日まで 今日も　また　君と答え探す ぐっと　握った手の平を開いたら 希望が震え出す　霧の中で 傷を抱いて…",

"今は昔　かぐやの姫と　(いふものありけり) 三月ばかり　よきほどとなる　(大人になりぬれば) 風の噂に聞くほどの 月のように美しきひと 君の名は なよ竹の Kaguya 振り向いてくれ Kaguya 哀しげなその瞳に　恋してるノンフィクション 今宵　月を見上げたまま 泣かないでくれ Kaguya 消える未来とわかっても　心も心ならず O-e-o-e-o-e-o-e oh　恋の Saga 姫の家に　入りて見れば　(きよらにていたる) これならむと　おもひて　とらへて　(のがさじとすとて) 追えば霧となるあなたを 今日も想うだけ　月のように 君の名は なよ竹の Kaguya 振り向いてくれ Kaguya 哀しげなその瞳に　恋してるノンフィクション 今宵　月を見上げたまま 泣かないでくれ Kaguya 消える未来とわかっても　心も心ならず O-e-o-e-o-e-o-e oh　恋の Saga Looking for my princess Looking for my princess 愛おしくて Looking for my princess, far あなたが僕を弱くするんだ 君の名は ‘Kaguya’ なよ竹の Kaguya 振り向いてくれ Kaguya 哀しげなその瞳に　恋してるノンフィクション 今宵　月を見上げたまま 泣かないでくれ Kaguya 消える未来とわかっても　心も心ならず O-e-o-e-o-e-o-e oh　恋の Saga O-e-o-e-o-e-o-e oh　恋の Saga「充実した日々を過ごしています」 そんなふうな人を見て いいねって Yeah でも最後の最後　報われるのは 自分だと信じている 半分以上無理矢理に 自分でダメ出しばっかり続けるのも 正直なところは I'm so tired Yeah ご存知のとおり　余裕のない 僕をまた励まして 君のその冗談で 今夜だけでもお願い 有頂天にならせて 君といる時くらいは 勇気に満たされたい 幸せはいつ来るの それとももう幸せなの 涙こぼれ落ちるまで 誰もそれに気づかない 生きてくる方向を間違えたと そんなことは思わない　だってI got you Yeah 今夜だけでもお願い 有頂天にならせて ゼロになるまで自分を 燃やし尽くしたい 眩しい光よ降りそそげ 有頂天にならせて 痩せっぽっちの体いっぱいに 今だけを満たしたいLost in the rain　何度も失って　孤独の影を映しだす　moonrise Heal by the flame　逃れた隙間から　涙と傷を隠して　i live 誰のため何の eternity　(win) 歩いて (lose) 探して (draw) 感情捨てればいい？ I gave my life in sacrifice　真実の声を奪われたまま 変わらない想いだけ　keep it deep inside 時が終わるまで　i'll never fall and die alone 引き抜く card はリターンできない　生きる意味求めて I will fly to see you　色褪せた下弦(かげん) 溢れる鼓動で　現在(いま)受け止める　my life's a secret Drift in the mist　慣れたはずの今も　まだ埋められない空白　i need 欺いて騙し合う everlast　(chase) 従って (hide) 背いて (fight) 見分けて行けばいい I play my life with hearts of ice　仕組まれた嘘に繋がれたまま 譲れない願いだけ　keep it deep inside 時が終わるまで　i'll never let you go alone 挑んだ game はリセットできない　背負う闇も連れて I will fly to hold you　舞い落ちる光 この手で掬(すく)って　明日照らしてく　my life's a secret This world of endless nights, this calm before the storm Longing for something that hides in the emptiness 時が終わるまで　i'll never let you go alone 挑んだ game はリセットできない　背負う闇も連れて I will fly to save you　消えてゆく夜明け 貫く瞳で　貴方(きみ)守りぬく　my life's a secret数日前の2人からじゃ　予測できないプロローグ 不思議なほど　惹かれてゆく　物語の始まりは sweet motion 「思わせぶりはタブーだ」なんて 目と目がじゃれ合う　midnight 眠らない 夜が明けるまで溺れる唇　君のトリコさ　やばいよ 完全な恋に焦がれ　さらした真っ赤な果実　本能で 愛し合ってしまう　明日なきプリズナー　戻れないイエスタデイ だから　完全なる共犯者さ　君とならどこでも堕ちてゆく 迫るチェックメイトも罰も厭(いと)わない このまま抱き合い　kiss kiss kiss　baby！ 君という蜜に酔いしれて　抑え切れないこの気持ち 揺れる睫毛(まつげ)　舞うヴァージナル いつまでも見つめたくて stop my time 「惚(ほ)れた腫(は)れた」と寄り添って 終わりを知らない　ショータイム感じたい コトバとカラダの形は裏腹　2度と離せない　やばいよ どうやって2人出会って　仕組んだ永遠(とわ)ならばいいんだろう ‘もし’を語れば　踊るマリオネット　止まらないエクスタシー だから　完璧じゃない僕らは　飽きもせず間違いバラまいて 燃える灼熱のジェラシーに焼かれて 溶けてく　愚かな upside down　crazy！ 君の中の僕が　今夜も叫んでる　「君と生きたい」 甘くただれた　この心　君の吐息で　染めあげて欲しいから 完全な恋に焦がれ　さらした真っ赤な果実　本能で 愛し合ってしまう　明日なきプリズナー　戻れないイエスタデイ だから　完全なる共犯者さ　君とならどこでも堕ちてゆく 迫るチェックメイトも罰も厭(いと)わない このまま抱き合い　kiss kiss kiss　baby！時計の針は正確に この体を刻みつづけ 思い残すことはないか 今一度自ら聞いてみる ここで全て出し切ると あらためて誓おう 沈黙を破るのは言葉じゃない 楽はしない 偉ぶらない 誰のせいにもしない 涙も忘れI'm going my way 礼を尽くし 栄華を捨て 泥まみれにもなろう 千切れないこの絆の色 Red 何も特別じゃない 当たり前のことやるだけ 君の声は胸にしまってある 雷鳴のように響くのは愛 楽はしない 偉ぶらない 誰のせいにもしない 涙も忘れI'm going my way 礼を尽くし 栄華を捨て 泥まみれにもなろう 千切れないこの絆の色 労を惜しまない 遠慮もしない 同情されたらおしまい 笑わば笑えI'm going my way 凛としてfight 永遠にtry どんな闇にも差すlight 体中暴れる血の色 RedOh Yeah! C’mon! Take your time 왠지 두근대는 밤이야 Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na So tonight 달 끝까지 달려가볼까 Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Just right 시동을 걸어 엑셀에 발을 올려 모든 것이 특별해 너와는 잘 어울려 무엇을 원하던 I'mma make it work (Yeah) Shawty, I'mma party till the sun down 지금 이 신비로운 느낌은 뭘까 와줘 내게로 어서 Before the sun rise 네가 없는 난 어딜 가도 Nobody (Yeah) 오! 도로 위에 여긴 runway 날 바라보는 눈 속 milky way Just love me right (아하!) Baby love me right (아하!) 오! 내게로 와 망설이지마 넌 매혹적인 나의 universe Just love me right (아하!) 내 우주는 전부 너야 Just love me right Just love me right Just love me right 내 우주는 전부 너야 Shine a light 별빛 속을 달려 은하술 건너 Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na 멈출 순 없어 오예! 우릴 비추는 달빛은 여전하지 네 궤도 안 헤매고 있어 난 아직 I can do this all night long baby 네가 없는 난 어딜 가도 반쪽짜리니까 오우! 달빛 찬란한 밤 펼쳐진 별들의 불꽃놀이 좀 더 높이 날아가볼까 (날아가볼까) 가슴 터질듯한 이 순간 우리 둘만 떠올라 발 밑에 지구를 두고 love me right 도로 위에 여긴 runway 날 바라보는 눈 속 milky way Just love me right (아하!) Baby love me right (아하!) So come on baby 눈이 부시게 더 아름다운 너의 universe (아름다운 lady) Just love me right (아하!) 내 우주는 전부 너야 (오!) Just love me right Just love me right (Can you love me right) Just love me right I just wanna make you love me (내 우주는 전부 너야) 수 없는 밤이 찾아와도 내 하늘엔 오직 너만 빛나 (Woo Yeah) 속삭여줘 내게만 밤하늘을 너와 내가 물들여가 도로 위에 여긴 runway 날 바라보는 눈 속 milky way Just love me right (아하!) Baby love me right (아하!) 오! 내게로 와 망설이지마 넌 매혹적인 나의 universe Just love me right (아하!) 내 우주는 전부 너야 (내 우주는 전부 너야) Just love me right (Oh oh oh yeah) Just love me right Just love me right (우리만의 시간) 내 우주는 전부 너야 Just love me right Just love me right Just love me right (짜릿한 Cosmic ride, 우리만의 야간비행) I just wanna make you love me Yea (Woo You got to love) Yea (You got to love me) Yea 내 우주는 전부 너야 (내 우주는 전부 너야) Yea (You love me) Yea (You love me) Yea 내 우주는 전부 너야Girl, you're so mysterious Got a feeling that we could experience I call quits on this escapade I still have her at the end of this game 濁り混じった原石(ダイアモンド)　そう大それた　そのアヴァンチュール ワンシーン巻き返して　後悔して　feel so blue しがないアディクション　振り回されて　またboom！ the deuce！ 転がった賽(さい)の目まで　she said ‘take it down’ 真実さえも　示唆(サイン)1つで　今夜も貪ってくフィクサーズ 抗って　散ってくsilly face　ミラー越しは　きっとyourself Steal！ steal！ steal！ steal！　still I keep on changing Hello, crazy！　奪い戻せworld お望みならば　zeroまで　one chance！　match-up！ もう巣からtake off　そう　もっと遠くまで 愛なき　霞んだ時代へ　unlock a master fake 甘く交わしたダイアローグ　そうスパイラルじゃ　ただit's a sad fool ワンサイド染め変えれない　取り返せない　serves you right！ 幼いリジェクション　嘲笑って　またpeekaboo！ 夜空へ舞った憂いを　some day, break it down 感じ合えば　疾走してくsights　獲物を狙うダークスパイダー 戦って　知ってくslight fact　ミラー越しの　今日をrealize Give it！ give it！ give it！ give it！ Give it your all with a will Hello, lazy！　揺り動かせdance 予期せぬほどに　沸き立つ　one life！　what's up！？ もう縋(すが)らないで　いつかは届くから 歩んで　描いた世界へ　辿り着くだろう 夜明けの澄んだ青いstarlight　明日が生まれ変われば 偽る理由(わけ)などないさ　heartbeat　灰と化すまで C'mon, baby！　狂い咲いてloud 心が叫んでる　take in a landscape Hello, crazy！　奪い戻せworld お望みならば　zeroまで　one chance！　match-up！ もう巣からtake off　そう　もっと遠くまで 愛なき　霞んだ時代へ　unlock a master fake Wow　I can break a master fake Wow　you can break a master fake Wow　we can break a master fake Unlock a masquerade　I can break a master fake伝ういつしかの音色(おと)　足掻くほど絡む傀儡(マリオネット) 繋ぐいくつかの伏線(いと)　既視感で染まった悪夢のよう きっと　今日も　はじまり告げてくtragedy　こころに迫る 未来の空から　今　こぼれる涙　愛しい過去のすべてを　ただ滲ます前に 曝せ　hideaway　時へ　getaway　突き進むチカラ　胸深く　焚きつける 貫け　誓いを願えば　空高く　散りゆく花びら　この手をすり抜けても 君だけ信じてくれたら　何も畏れはしない　限りなく 艶やかな衝動の波となって舞うdoubt (解き明かしてくa to z) いつの日か再会の花が咲くように (僕も君を信じて) 何を失ったとしたって　想いを偽るな そう　最後の最後で　すべて輝くから 触れる途端遠のく　蜃気楼が嘲笑(わら)う不調和(アシンメトリ) 揺れる予感惑わす　贋物(フェイク)の光景　眺めてた 何度　今日の　過ち犯せばtragedy　越えられるだろう 憂いの窓から　今　飛び立つ翼　見え隠れしてる真実　明日へ導く 暴け　そのdaze　荒らせ　このmaze　希望なら ひと握り以外　もう要らない 傷から伝わる愛しさ　抱き寄せて　生命(いのち)の強さと儚さ　思い知るよ 僕らが出逢えたあの日を　後悔させはしない　この先も 麗らかな静寂の夜に鳴ったthis verse (時計仕掛けのstory line) 残酷な運命を変えられるのなら (僕が僕を信じて) 何が待ち受けていようとも　鼓動を裏切るな そう　最初で最後のpromise I never hurt myself You'll never feel despair 共に生き抜く　ただこの瞬間 終わった季節のなか閉じ込めた　凍らせた一頁に「サヨウナラ」 二度と哀しみに流す涙なんて　僕らに要らない 悲劇を　今　越えてく 貫け　誓いを願えば　空高く　散りゆく花びら　この手をすり抜けても 君だけ信じてくれたら　何も畏れはしない　限りなく 艶やかな衝動の波となって舞うdoubt (解き明かしてくa to z) いつの日か再会の花が咲くように (僕も君を信じて) 何を失ったとしたって　想いを偽るな そう　最後の最後で　すべて輝くからI have a pen I have an apple uhh Apple-pen! I have a pen I have pineapple. uhhh Pineapple-pen! Apple-pen Pineapple-pen uhhh Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen!" ] 

var korea = //2014-2016
[ "","","","", "Gave me two different tears, after all these years Tears of joy, tears of pain, like sunshine and rain So I hate you, so I love you So I hate you, so I love you I'm tryna figure out how to move on With my life without you by my side Waking up with teary eyes I can't do this no more, gotta erase you now So I think of all the pain you've given me Try to look at all the damage you've done to me No matter how hard I try, I just can't figure out why I keep thinking 'bout how sweet you used to be Gave me two different tears, after all these years Tears of joy, tears of pain, like sunshine and rain So I hate you but the love you gave me was so, so good So I love you but the pain you gave me was so, so bad I'm crying over you still, what does this mean? Do I still want you back in my life? After all these painful things you've done to me Why is it so hard to realize? So I think of all the pain, you've given me Try to look at all the damage you've done to me But the harder that I fight, you come closer in my sight And I'm thinking of how sweet it could have been, oh, no Gave me two different tears, after all these years Tears of joy, tears of pain, like sunshine and rain So I hate you but the love you gave me was so, so good So I love you but the pain you gave me was so, so bad Come here, boy Why do I still feel this way When I know there's nothing left to say? Should you leave but I loved you in the first place Wanna erase you without a trace Try to tell myself that I need to hate you With the pain that you put me through But ah, that's the reason why I still miss you No matter how hard I try Gave me two different tears, after all these years Tears of joy, tears of pain, like sunshine and rain So I hate you but the love you gave me was so, so good So I love you but the pain you gave me was so, so bad Gave me two different tears, after all these years Tears of joy, tears of pain, like sunshine and rain So I hate you but the love you gave me was so, so good So I love you but the pain you gave me was so, so badU don’t know me U don’t know me U don’t know me U don’t know me so shut up boy so shut up boy so shut up boy so shut up shut up 앞에선 한 마디도 못하더니 뒤에선 내 얘길 안 좋게 해 참 어이가 없어 Hello hello hello 나 같은 여잔처음 (으로 으로 으로) 본 것 같은데 왜 나를 판단하니 내가 혹시 두려운 거니 겉으론 bad girl 속으론 good girl 나를 잘 알지도 못하면서 내 겉모습만 보면서 한심한 여자로 보는 너의 시선이 난 너무나 웃겨 춤 출 땐 bad girl 사랑은 good girl 춤추는 내 모습을 볼 때는 넋을 놓고 보고서는 끝나니 손가락질 하는 그 위선이 난 너무나 웃겨 이런 옷 이런 머리모양으로 이런 춤을 추는 여자는 뻔해 네가 더 뻔해 oh~ Hello hello hello 자신 없으면 저 뒤로 뒤로 뒤로 물러서면 되지 왜 자꾸 떠드니 네 속이 훤히 보이는 건 아니 겉으론 bad girl 속으론 good girl 나를 잘 알지도 못하면서 내 겉모습만 보면서 한심한 여자로 보는 너의 시선이 난 너무나 웃겨 춤 출 땐 bad girl 사랑은 good girl 춤추는 내 모습을 볼 때는 넋을 놓고 보고서는 끝나니 손가락질하는 그 위선이 난 너무나 웃겨 (날 감당) 할 수 있는 남잘 찾아요 진짜 남자를 찾아요 (말로만) 남자다운 척 할 남자 말고 (날 불안)해 하지 않을 남잔 없나요 자신감이 넘쳐서 내가 나일 수 있게 자유롭게 두고 멀리서 바라보는 겉으론 bad girl 속으론 good girl 나를 잘 알지도 못하면서 내 겉모습만 보면서 한심한 여자로 보는 너의 시선이 난 너무나 웃겨 춤 출 땐 bad girl 사랑은 good girl 춤추는 내 모습을 볼 때는 넋을 놓고 보고서는 끝나니 손가락질 하는 그 위선이 난 너무나 웃겨 U don’t know me U don’t know me U don’t know me U don’t know me so shut up boy so shut up boy so shut up boy so shut up shut up(제시카) 똑바로 해 넌 정말 Bad boy 사랑보단 호기심뿐 (유리) 그 동안 난 너 땜에 깜빡 속아서 넘어간거야 (윤아) 넌 재미없어 매너없어 넌 Devil Devil 넌 넌 (태연) 네 핸드폰 수많은 남잔 한 글자만 바꾼 여자 (티파니) 내 코까지 역겨운 Perfume 누구 건지 설명해봐 (수영) 넌 나 몰래 누굴 만나는 끔찍한 그 버릇 못 고쳤니 (효연) 뛰어 봐도 손바닥 안인걸 You better run run run run run (써니) 더는 못 봐 걷어차 줄래 You better run run run run run (서현) 날 붙잡아도 관심 꺼둘래 Hey! (태연) 더 멋진 내가 되는 날 갚아주겠어 잊지 마 You better run run run run run (효연) 딱 걸렸어 약 올렸어 Run Devil Devil Run Run (서현) 내 곁에서 살며시 흘깃 다른 여잘 꼭 훑어봐 (티파니) 나 없을 땐 넌 Super Playboy 고갤 들어 대답해봐 (유리) 넌 재미없어 매너없어 넌 Devil Devil 넌 넌 You better run run run run run (윤아) 더는 못 봐 걷어차 줄래 You better run run run run run (써니) 날 붙잡아도 관심 꺼둘래 Hey! (제시카) 더 멋진 내가 되는날 갚아주겠어 잊지 마 You better run run run run run (티파니) 딱 걸렸어 약 올렸어 Run Devil Devil Run Run (태연) 넌 재미없어 매너 없어 Run Devil Devil Run Run (써니) 얘 나 같은 애 어디도 없어 (효연) 잔머리 굴려서 실망했어 (써니) 난 걔네들 보다 더 대단해 (효연) 너 그렇게 커서 뭐 될래 (태연) 까불지 말랬지 (수영) 널 사랑해 줄 때 잘 하랬지 You better run run run run run (유리) 더는 못 봐 걷어차 줄래 You better run run run run run (수영) 날 붙잡아도 관심 꺼둘래 Hey (서현) 더 멋진 내가 되는 날 갚아주겠어 잊지 마 You better run run run run run (제시카) 이 넓은 세상 반은 남자 너 하나 빠져봤자 (태연) 꼭 나만 봐줄 멋진 남자 난 기다릴래 혼자Hey~ Yo! 나 어떡해요 언니 내 말을 들어봐 내가 사람을 언니 모르겠어요 참 엉뚱하다 만날 나만 놀리지 내가 정말 예뻐 그렇다면 돼 독창적 별명 짓기 예를 들면 궁디 순디 맘에 들어 손 번쩍 들기 정말 난 NU ABO mystery mystery 몰라 몰라 아직 너는 몰라 기본 기본 사랑공식 사람들의 이별공식 hysteric hysteric 달라 달라 나는 너무 달라 내 맘대로 내 뜻대로 좋아 좋아 NU ABO 나나나나 나나 나나나나 나나나나나 나나나나 나나나나 나나 나나나나 나나나나나 NU ABO 내 말 들어봐요 언니 I’m in the trance 지금 이 감정은 뭐죠 난 처음인데 가슴 두근두근 마치 꿈꾸는듯 난 구름 위를 둥둥 사랑인가봐 딱 세번 싸워보기 헤어질때 인사 않기 보고 싶은 나 생각 들땐 커플링 만져보기 mystery mystery 몰라 몰라 아직 너는 몰라 기본 기본 사랑공식 사람들의 이별공식 hysteric hysteric 달라 달라 나는 너무 달라 내 맘대로 내 뜻대로 좋아 좋아 NU ABO 나나나나 나나 나나나나 나나나나나 나나나나 나나나나 나나 나나나나 나나나나나 NU ABO 사랑에 빠진건 너무 멋진 일인데 나만의 감정은 못 잊을 그대로 갖는걸 yeah~ 새롭게 좀 튀게 마치 꿈을 키워가는것 mystery ABO 그건 모두 다 너인걸 바로 너란걸 ooh~ What you, what you call. What you, what you, what you call Yes, this is how we do it our love f(x)! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, this is how we do it pure love f(x)! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah, this is how we do it baby, love f(x)! uh~ 이런 모습 어때 이게 나인 걸 어떡해 나의 곁엔 네가 있어 특별한건데 yeah~ mystery mystery 몰라 몰라 아직 너는 몰라 기본 기본 사랑공식 사람들의 이별공식 hysteric hysteric 달라 달라 나는 너무 달라 내 맘대로 내 뜻대로 좋아 좋아 NU ABO 나나나나 나나 나나나나 나나나나나 나나나나 나나나나 나나 나나나나 나나나나나 나나나나 나나나나 나나 나나나나 나나나나나 NU ABO yeah! yeah! yeah, this is how we do it pure love f(x) 나나나나 나나 나나나나 나나나나나 NU ABO yeah! yeah! yeah, this is how we do it baby(Black black black white) (Black black black white) Black and white, black and white 너와 나는 black and white 나는 hot 너는 cool Couple인 게 mystery 정말 정말 정말 정말 말도 안돼 말도 안돼 머리부터 발끝까지 맞는 게 하나 없니 너보다 잘 맞는 남자들 많을 텐데 정말 정말 정말 정말 말도 안돼 말도 안돼 Hey boy 맞춰 봐 바꿔 봐 해 봐 come on boy 자존심 따윈 kick it, kick it, kick it Oh no oh no oh no oh no 이제 좀 맞춰 봐 너와 나 black and white 너 너 너와 나 black and white oh 네 멋대로 제 멋대로 어쩜 그러니 너는 몰라 내 맘 몰라 왜 몰라 너와 나 black and white 너 너 너와 나 black and white 나밖에 없어 없다고 주윌 둘러봐 제발 제발 제발 back to me (Black, black, black, white) (Black, black, black, white) 도대체 몇 번째 만났다 헤어지니 나보다 잘 맞는 여자 찾기 바쁘니 정말 정말 정말 정말 말도 안돼 말도 안돼 Hey boy 자꾸 너 이럴래 자꾸 come on boy 거짓말 따윈 kick it, kick it, kick it Oh no oh no oh no oh no 나만 좀 봐줄래 너와 나 black and white 너 너 너와 나 black and white, oh 네 멋대로 제 멋대로 어쩜 그러니 너는 몰라 내 맘 몰라 왜 몰라 너와 나 black and white 너 너 너와 나 black and white 나밖에 없어 없다고 주윌 둘러봐 제발 제발 제발 back to me (Back, back, back to me) (Back, back, back to me) (Back, back, back to me) (Hey 너를 봤어 boy) 키스하는 널 봤어 (Hey 너를 봤어 boy) 넌 그녀가 더 좋았니 (Hey 너무 했어 boy) 난 너밖에 없는데 너 제발 좀 이러지마 너와 나 black and white 너 너 너와 나 black and white, oh 네 멋대로 제 멋대로 어쩜 그러니 너는 몰라 내 맘 몰라 왜 몰라 너와 나 black and white 너 너 너와 나 black and white 나 밖에 없어 없다고 주윌 둘러봐 제발 제발 제발 back to me (Back, back, back to me) (Back, back, back to me) (Back, back, back to me)Good bye, baby good bye 뒤돌아서 그대로 앞으로 가면 돼 아무런 말도 하지 말고 이대로 사라져 주는 거야 Baby good bye, good bye 내 이름은 수지가 아닌데 자꾸만 실수로 수지라 부를 때 그때 알아 차려야 했어 왜 애써 너를 믿어 주려 했는지 몰라 (니가 어떤 앤지 알았어) 괜히 울지 마 (너의 물건들 다 내놨어) 연기는 이제 그만 Good bye, baby good bye 뒤돌아서 그대로 앞으로 가면 돼 아무런 말도 하지 말고 이대로 사라져 주는 거야 Good bye, baby good bye 즐거웠어 재미있었다고 생각할게 그러니 여기까지 하기 너의 쇼는 이제 끝난 거야 Baby good bye, good bye 친구들이 모두 다 말릴 때 그때 그 얘길 들었어야 했는데 왜 나는 너의 그 눈빛이 진실치 못하다는 걸 전혀 몰랐는지 (뛰어난 너의 그 연기가) 정말 놀라워 (너무 뛰어나서 결국엔) 날 울리고 말았어 Good bye, baby good bye 뒤돌아서 그대로 앞으로 가면 돼 아무런 말도 하지 말고 이대로 사라져 주는 거야 Good bye, baby good bye 즐거웠어 재미있었다고 생각할게 그러니 여기까지 하기 너의 쇼는 이제 끝난 거야 Baby good bye, good bye 어쩜 삐거덕 삐거덕 거리는 소리 하나도 없이 그렇게 구렁이 담 넘어가듯 부드럽게 날 속였지 참 대단한 쇼를 봤어 내가 니 덕에 표도 안 사고 다 공짜로 좋은 자리에 딱 하지만 No 이제는 Bye bye (뛰어난 너의 그 연기가) 정말 놀라워 (너무 뛰어나서 결국엔) 날 울리고 말았어 Good bye, baby good bye 뒤돌아서 그대로 앞으로 가면 돼 아무런 말도 하지 말고 이대로 사라져 주는 거야 Good bye, baby good bye 즐거웠어 재미있었다고 생각할게 그러니 여기까지 하기 너의 쇼는 이제 끝난 거야 Baby good bye, good bye한 여자가 멀어져 가 남자는 노래 부르지만 눈물이 나는 걸 이별이란 널 만질 수가 없는걸 I know yeah eh 떨어지는 날 잡아줘 hello I hate this love song (I hate this love song) I hate this love song (I hate this love song) I hate this love song (I hate this love song) I hate this love song (I hate this love song) 이 사랑 노래가 싫어 다신 안 부르리 너를 떠올리지 않게 잊을 수 있게 이 사랑 노래가 싫어 웃으며 부르리 그대가 외롭지 않게 지금 너에게로 난 ooh ooh ooh ooh 난 ooh ooh ooh ooh 난 두려워 이 세상은 의미없어 달과 별이 있는 너 있는 그 곳에 데려가줘 우린 아름다웠는데 You know 내게 사랑을가르쳐준 너 hello I hate this love song (I hate this love song) I hate this love song (I hate this love song) I hate this love song (I hate this love song) I hate this love song (I hate this love song) 이 사랑 노래가 싫어 다신 안 부르리 너를 떠올리지 않게 잊을 수 있게 이 사랑 노래가 싫어 웃으며 부르리 그대가 외롭지 않게 지금 너에게로 난 ooh ooh ooh ooh 난 ooh ooh ooh ooh 따스한 햇살 또 다른 세상 쓸쓸히 춤추는 갈대밭 푸른 언덕 위 난 여전히 그녀와의 못다한 대화 아무 대답 없는 (대답 없는) 무표정한 저 하늘 (저 하늘) 흰 구름 뒤에 숨어 있겠지 넌 별이 됐겠지 (Let's go) 눈 감고 네 숨결을 느껴 네 꿈을 꿔 내 입가에 번진 미소 지금 난 너와 숨을 쉬어 시간아 멈춰 그녀와 날 갈라놓지 말아 바람아 멈춰 네게 보내는 마지막 편지 한 장 이 사랑 노래가 싫어 다신 안 부르리 너를 떠올리지 않게 잊을 수 있게 이 사랑 노래가 싫어 웃으며 부르리 그대가 외롭지 않게 지금 너에게로 난 ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh hoo (oh I hate this love song) 난 ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh hoo (oh I hate this love song) I hate this love songWatching 계속 바라보며 난 Waiting 니가 다가오기만을 바래 어서 내게 와 날 데려가 제발 Dreaming 니 맘도 나 같기를 Praying 가슴 조이며 난 기도해 저 하늘에 이렇게 두 손을 모아서 이런 적이 없는데 내 가슴이 두근두근 두근대고 몇 번 본 적 없는데 니 모습이 자꾸 꿈에 나와 차분하려 하는데 니가 또 내 앞에만 나타나면 사랑한다고 말해버릴 것만 같아 Please be my baby, Please be my baby 너만 생각하면 미치겠어 니가 너무너무 갖고 싶어서 Make me your lady, Make me your lady 나의 사랑을 너에게 줄게 절대 후회하지 않게 해줄게 No Crazy 내가 미쳤는지 왜 Lately 하루 종일 난 뭘 하든지 너의 사진이 머릿속에 박혔어 Perfect 모든 게 완벽해 Terrific 겉과 속 모두 다 어쩜 너는 모자라는 게 하나도 없는 건지 차분하려 하는데 니가 또 내 앞에만 나타나면 사랑한다고 말해버릴 것만 같아 자 더 이상 이제 망설이지 마 내 말을 의심하지 마 내 말을 믿고 나를 따라와 난 니 인생의 마지막 여자가 되고 넌 내 마지막 남자가 될 거란 걸 알지만 넌 아직 몰라 왜 놀라 자 어서 빨리 나를 골라 말 할 필요도 없어 그냥 내 말대로 잘 할 생각만 하면 돼 그러니 니 앞에 날 잘 보고 판단을 해 봐 어때 88 나이도 딱 맞아 모두 다 맞아All : I can tell you're looking at me I know what you see Any closer and you'll feel the heat Jessica : GG All : You don't have to pretend that you didn't notice me Every look will make it hard to breath Jessica : T-R-X All : Bring the boys out Tiffany : (Yeah~ You know~) All : B-Bring the boys out Tiffany : We bring the boys out (x2) Yeah~ All : B-Bring the boys out Taeyeon : Soon as I step on the scene I know that they'll watching me, watching me~ Tiffany : (Get up) Yoona : Imma be the hottest in this spot There ain't no stopping me Tiffany : (That's funny) Yoona : Stopping me~ Sunny : I know life is a mystery I'm gonna make history I'm taking it from the start Seohyun : Call all emergency I'm watching the phone ring I'm feeling this in my heart~ my heart~ All : B-Bring the boys out All : Girl's Generation make you feel the heat Yuri And we do it and we can't be beat All : B-Bring the boys out Sooyoung : We're born to win Better tell all your friends 'Cause we get it in You know the girls All : Bring the boys out Jessica : Wanna know my secrets But no, I'll never tell 'Cause I got that magic And I'm not trying to fail That's right Sunny : (Yeah, fly high) Jessica : Can't deny, I know I can fly Seohyun : I know life is a mystery I'm gonna make history I'm taking it from the start Taeyeon : Call all emergency I'm watching the phone ring I'm feeling this in my heart~ my heart~ All/Taeyeon : B-Bring the boys out All : Girl's Generation make you feel the heat Tiffany : And we do it and we can't be beat All : B-Bring the boys out Hyoyeon : We're born to win Better tell all your friends 'Cause we get it in You know the girls All : Bring the boys out All : Girl's bring the boys out Yuri : I wanna dance right now We can show them how the girls get down Yoona : Yes we go for more than zero No.1 everyone should know Check this out Hyoyeon : All the boys (x2) want my heart Better know how to rock and don't stop Sooyoung : Oh Gee We make you so hot Girl's Generation we won't stop All : B-Bring the boys out Jessica : It's not a fantasy This is right for me Living in like a star Taeyeon : Can't get the rest of me Imma be what I wanna be This is deep in my heart~ my heart~ All : I can tell you're looking at me I know what you see Any closer and you'll feel the heat All/Taeyeon : Just bring the boys out All/Seohyun : You don't have to pretend that you didn't notice me Every look will make it hard to breath All : B-Bring the boys out Jessica : 'Cause the All/Jessica : Girl's bring the boys out (x4) All : Girl's Generation make you feel the heat Sunny And we're do it, we can't be beat All : B-Bring the boys out Tiffany : We're born to win Better tell all your friends 'Cause we get it in You know the girls All : B-Bring the boys out",

"오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 낮에는 따사로운 인간적인 여자 커피 한잔의 여유를 아는 품격 있는 여자 밤이 오면 심장이 뜨거워지는 여자 그런 반전 있는 여자 나는 사나이 낮에는 너만큼 따사로운 그런 사나이 커피 식기도 전에 원샷 때리는 사나이 밤이 오면 심장이 터져버리는 사나이 그런 사나이 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 지금부터 갈 데까지 가볼까 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 정숙해 보이지만 놀 땐 노는 여자 이때다 싶으면 묶었던 머리 푸는 여자 가렸지만 웬만한 노출보다 야한 여자 그런 감각적인 여자 나는 사나이 점잖아 보이지만 놀 땐 노는 사나이 때가 되면 완전 미쳐버리는 사나이 근육보다 사상이 울퉁불퉁한 사나이 그런 사나이 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 지금부터 갈 데까지 가볼까 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 뛰는 놈 그 위에 나는 놈 Baby baby 나는 뭘 좀 아는 놈 뛰는 놈 그 위에 나는 놈 Baby baby 나는 뭘 좀 아는 놈 You know what I'm saying 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 오빤 강남스타일[T.O.P] It’s been a while since we’ve met Your face looks good You got prettier, you were always beautiful in my eyes [G-Dragon] But today you look a bit different You look especially a bit cold Your eyes that look at me are filled with pity In front of you, I seem smaller [T.O.P] I tried to be fine, trying to change the subject Though I had so much I wanted to ask you [G-Dragon] You cut me off right away Your long hair flowing [T.O.P] As it hit my cheek and passed away You turn away and left right away [G-Dragon] If I try to catch you here, would that be too ridiculous? [Taeyang] Nothing comes to my mind As you tremble, you take a step, two steps back You say that I scare you now You’re like a moon that makes me go crazy [Daesung] I love you baby I’m not a monster You know how I was in the past When time passes, it’ll all disappear Then you will know baby [Taeyang] I need you baby I’m not a monster You know me so don’t leave like this If even you throw me away, I will die I’m not a monster [Seungri] No matter what happens, let’s be forever When we’re sad, when we’re happy, let’s go till the end You don’t say that tomorrow Let’s love like today is the last [G-Dragon] A life without you is like an imprisonment for life An extinction from the world to the point where I’d go crazy Your existence is a chronic disease, a repitition of pain You’re a lingering attachment in my heart [T.O.P] The people of the world have turned their backs against me The corners of their eyes are all twisted up The greatest pain to me, Is the fact that you became the same as them [Daesung] I love you baby I’m not a monster You know how I was in the past When time passes, it’ll all disappear Then you will know baby [Taeyang] I need you baby I’m not a monster You know me so don’t leave like this If even you throw me away, I will die I’m not a monster [Seungri] Don’t go, don’t go, don’t go, don’t leave me Don’t do it, don’t do it, don’t do it, it’s not like you [Daesung] Getting farther away, love is breaking apart [Seungri] Don’t find me, don’t find me, don’t find me, don’t look for me The last, last, last image [Taeyang] of me in front of you, Remember that, Don’t forget me [Daesung] I love you baby I’m not a monster You know how I was in the past When time passes, it’ll all disappear Then you will know baby [Taeyang] I need you baby I’m not a monster You know me so don’t leave like this If even you throw me away, I will die I’m not a monster [G-Dragon] I think I’m sick I think I’m sick I think I’m sick I think I’m sick우연히 길을 걷다 네 남잘 봤어 (Yea I saw him) 혹시나 했던 내 예감이 맞았어 (I told you) 네가 준 반지를 빼고 한쪽엔 팔짱을 끼고 그냥 여기까지만 말할게 (I don’t wanna hurt you) 근데 오히려 너는 내게 화를 내 (Why?) 그는 절대로 그럴 리가 없대 (Sure you’re right) 나는 네 눈칠 살피고 내가 잘 못 본 거라고 그래 널 위해 거짓말할게 (I’m sorry) Oh 날 몰라주는 네가 미워 이 기다림이 싫어 그 손 이제 놓으라고 네가 슬퍼할 때면 나는 죽을 것만 같다고 baby 그 XX보다 내가 못한 게 뭐야 도대체 왜 나는 가질 수 없는 거야 그 XX는 너를 사랑하는 게 아냐 언제까지 바보같이 울고만 있을 거야 넌 그 사람 얘길 할 땐 행복해 보여 (You look happy) 이렇게라도 웃으니 좋아 보여 (I’m happy) 그를 정말 사랑한다고 마치 영원할거라고 믿는 네 모습이 I don’t know what to say no more 너의 친구들 모두 그를 잘 알아 (yup they know) 뻔히 다 보이는걸 너만 왜 못 봐 (It’s you) They say love is blind Oh baby you so blind 제발 헤어지기를 바랄게 Oh 날 몰라주는 네가 미워 이 기다림이 싫어 그 손 이제 놓으라고 네가 슬퍼할 때면 나는 죽을 것만 같다고 baby 그 XX보다 내가 못한 게 뭐야 도대체 왜 나는 가질 수 없는 거야 그 XX는 너를 사랑하는 게 아냐 언제까지 바보같이 울고만 있을 거야 비싼 차에 예쁜 옷 고급 레스토랑 넌 잘 어울려 하지만 네 옆 그 X는 정말 아냐 너랑은 안 어울려 네 앞에서 거짓미소를 지으며 네 볼과 머릿결을 만지며 속으론 분명 다른 여자를 생각해 어쩜 그럴 수 있니 죄 같애 네가 흘린 눈물만큼 내가 더 잘해줄게 baby 너 혼자 감당할 아픔 내게도 좀 나눠줄래 baby 나 좀 봐달라고 그대 사랑이 왜 나란걸 몰라 왜 너만 몰라 그 XX보다 내가 못한 게 뭐야 도대체 왜 나는 가질 수 없는 거야 그 XX는 너를 사랑하는 게 아냐 언제까지 바보같이 울고만 있을 거야 그 XX보다 내가 못한 게 뭐야 도대체 왜 나는 가질 수 없는 거야 그 XX는 너를 사랑하는 게 아냐 언제까지 바보같이 울고만 있을 거야Come together, everyone gather here We gon’ party like lilililalala Open your hearts, empty your minds Set the fire lilililalala Don’t ask for the answer but just take it as it is, go with the flow alright Face the sky and put your two hands up, up high, wanna jump around oh Nananana Nananana Wow Fantastic Baby Dance I Wanna Dan Dan Dan Dan Dance Fantastic Baby Dance I Wanna Dan Dan Dan Dan Dance Wow Fantastic Baby In this crazy house HEY at the end, it’s the king’s turn HEY The ground is shaking and 3 minutes is not enough for this race, wait The atmosphere is overheated Huh Catch Me On Fire Huh The Real has appeared nanana From one to ten, everything is one level above Even if we crazily run on sand, we’re still so agile Because the sky is blue enough, Don’t ask any questions, just feel it – feel who I am Jump at the sound of your heartbeat till this comes to an end yeah I Can’t Baby Don’t Stop This Just go corrupt today (go crazy and rave) let’s go Wow Fantastic Baby Dance I Wanna Dan Dan Dan Dan Dance Fantastic Baby Dance I Wanna Dan Dan Dan Dan Dance Wow Fantastic Baby Boomshakalaka Boomshakalaka Boomshakalaka Dan Dan Dan Dan Dance Catch me if you can, I’m forever a performer There are no constraints for me tonight Mama Just Let Me Be Your Lover Past this chaos nananana From my head to my toes, there’s a visual shock People know me for my senses that are always ahead My footsteps are faster than others My youth is a different dimension Ice ice ice Hold Up nananana Jump at the sound of your heartbeat till this comes to an end yeah I Can’t Baby Don’t Stop This Just go corrupt today (go crazy and rave) let’s go Wow Fantastic Baby Dance I Wanna Dan Dan Dan Dan Dance Fantastic Baby Dance I Wanna Dan Dan Dan Dan Dance Wow Fantastic Baby Boomshakalaka Boomshakalaka Boomshakalaka Dan Dan Dan Dan Dance Let’s all play together Ye Ye Ye let’s all jump together Ye Ye Ye Let’s all go crazy together Ye Ye Ye Let’s all go together Wow Fantastic BabyIce cream Ice cream I'll melt you down Like Ice cream Ice cream Ice cream I'll melt you down like Ice cream 난 달콤한 아이스크림 넌 녹아내릴걸 상큼한 Ice cream cream cream cream cream 초콜렛 Ice cream 내 까만 피부처럼 달콤한 Ice cream cream cream cream cream Oh Hey boy 다 일로 와요 모두 하나같이 다 똑같이 날 보곤 Hey girl 난 몰라 몰라 몰라 녹아 버릴지도 몰라 서두르지 마 Boy Ma diamond ring so bling bling 보여줄게 내 Sexy swag 한번 보면 다 혹하지 웬만하면 다 항복하지 I got 31 flava 때론 바닐라처럼 달콤해 널 녹일라 일라 일라 You got that 오늘 넌 진짜 큰일 나 난 달콤한 Ice cream 넌 녹아 내릴 걸 상큼한 Ice cream cream cream cream cream 초콜렛 Ice cream 내 까만 피부처럼 달콤한 Ice cream cream cream cream cream 내가 맘에 들었나요 자 그럼 다가와요 그냥 멍하니 쳐다보지 말고 사랑해 줄래 나만 봐줄래 너 너 너 넌 내게 푹 빠져들걸 I'll melt you down like Ice cream I'll melt you down like Ice cream Ma diamond ring so bling bling 보여줄게 내 Sexy swag 한번 보면 다 혹하지 웬만하면 다 항복하지 I got 31 flava 때론 Shooting star pop pop 널 녹일라 일라 일라 One more time 오늘 넌 진짜 큰일 나 난 달콤한 Ice cream 넌 녹아 내릴 걸 상큼한 Ice cream cream cream cream cream 초콜렛 Ice cream 내 까만 피부처럼 달콤한 Ice cream cream cream cream cream 내가 맘에 들었나요 자 그럼 다가와요 그냥 멍하니 쳐다보지 말고 사랑해 줄래 나만 봐줄래 너 너 너 넌 내게 푹 빠져들걸 Hands in the air 흔들어 Oh yeah Hands in the air Let me see you get down low low low Hands in the air 다같이 Oh yeah Oh yeah I'll melt you down like Ice cream I'll melt you down like Ice cream 난 달콤한 Ice cream 넌 녹아 내릴 걸 상큼한 Ice cream cream cream cream cream 초콜렛 Ice cream 내 까만 피부처럼 달콤한 Ice cream cream cream cream cream I'll melt you down like Ice cream그대가 돌아서면 두 눈이 마주칠까 심장이 Bounce Bounce 두근대 들릴까 봐 겁나 한참을 망설이다 용기를 내 밤새워 준비한 순애보 고백해도 될까 처음 본 순간부터 네 모습이 내 가슴 울렁이게 만들었어 Baby You re my trampoline You make me Bounce Bounce 수많은 인연과 바꾼 너인 걸 사랑이 남긴 상처들도 감싸줄게 어쩌면 우린 벌써 알고 있어 그토록 찾아 헤맨 사랑의 꿈 외롭게만 하는 걸 You make me Bounce You make me Bounce Bounce Bounce 망설여져 나 혼자만의 감정일까 내가 잘못 생각한 거라면 어떡하지 눈물이나 별처럼 반짝이는 눈망울도 수줍어 달콤하던 네 입술도 내겐 꿈만 같은 걸 You make me Bounce 어쩌면 우린 벌써 알고 있어 그토록 찾아 헤맨 사랑의 꿈 외롭게만 하는 걸 어쩌면 우린 벌써 You make me~ You make me~Ah! 알랑가몰라 왜 화끈해야 하는건지 알랑가몰라 왜 말끔해야 하는건지 알랑가몰라 아리까리 하면 까리해 알랑가몰라 We like We we we like party 해 있잖아 말이야 이사람으로 말씀 드리자면 말이야 용기 패기 똘끼 멋쟁이 말이야 너가 듣고픈말 하고픈게 난데 말이야 Damn girl! You so freakin' sexy! I-I-I-I I'm a I-I-I-I I'm a I-I-I-I I'm a mother father gentleman I'm a I-I'm a I'm a mother father gentleman I'm a I-I'm a I'm a mother father gentleman 알랑가몰라 왜 미끈해야하는건지 알랑가몰라 왜 쌔끈해야하는건지 알랑가몰라 달링 빨리와서 난리해 알랑가몰라 난리 난리 났어 빨리해 있잖아 말이야 너의 머리 허리 다리 종아리 말이야 Good feeling! Feeling Good! 부드럽게 말이야 아주 그냥 헉소리나게 악소리 나게 말이야 Damn girl! I'm a party mafia! I-I-I-I I'm a I-I-I-I I'm a I-I-I-I I'm a mother father gentleman I'm a I-I'm a I'm a mother father gentleman I'm a I-I'm a I'm a mother father gentleman Gonna make you sweat Gonna make you wet You know who I am Wet PSY! Gonna make you sweat Gonna make you wet You know who I am Wet PSY! Wet PSY! Wet PSY! Wet PSY! PSY! PSY! PSY! I-I'm a mother father gentleman I'm a I-I'm a I'm a mother father gentleman I'm a I-I'm a I'm a mother father gentleman Mother father gentleman Mother father gentleman봄 봄 봄 봄이 왔네요 우리가 처음 만났던 그때의 향기 그대로 그대가 앉아 있었던 그 벤치 옆에 나무도 아직도 남아있네요 살아가다 보면 잊혀질 거라 했지만 그 말을 하면 안될거란걸 알고 있었소 그대여 너를 처음 본 순간 나는 바로 알았지 그대여 나와 함께 해주오 이 봄이 가기 전에 다시 봄 봄 봄 봄이 왔네요 그대 없었던 내 가슴 시렸던 겨울을 지나 또 벚꽃 잎이 피어나듯이 다시 이 벤치에 앉아 추억을 그려보네요 사랑하다보면 무뎌질 때도 있지만 그 시간마저 사랑이란 걸 이제 알았소 그대여 너를 처음 본 순간 나는 바로 알았지 그대여 나와 함께 해주오 이 봄이 가기 전에 우리 그만 참아요 이제 더 이상은 망설이지마요 아팠던 날들은 이제 뒤로 하고 말할거에요 그대여 너를 처음 본 순간 나는 바로 알았지 그대여 나와 함께 해주오 이 봄이 가기전에 봄 봄 봄 보봄봄봄봄 보봄봄 봄봄 봄봄 봄 보봄봄 봄봄 보봄 봄 음 보봄봄봄봄 보봄봄봄 봄 보보봄 봄봄 보봄봄봄 보봄봄 봄봄 보봄봄 그대 봄 봄 봄 보보봄봄봄 보보봄 봄봄 보봄봄 보봄봄 봄 봄 보봄봄 음 봄봄봄봄봄 보봄봄봄 봄 보보봄",

"The snow glows white on the mountain tonight Not a footprint to be seen A kingdom of isolation And it looks like I'm the queen The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside Couldn't keep it in, heaven knows I've tried Don't let them in, don't let them see Be the good girl you always have to be Conceal, don't feel, don't let them know Well, now they know Let it go, let it go Can't hold it back anymore Let it go, let it go Turn away and slam the door I don't care what they're going to say Let the storm rage on The cold never bothered me anyway It's funny how some distance makes everything seem small And the fears that once controlled me can't get to me at all It's time to see what I can do To test the limits and break through No right, no wrong, no rules for me I'm free Let it go, let it go I am one with the wind and sky Let it go, let it go You'll never see me cry Here I stand and here I stay Let the storm rage on My power flurries through the air into the ground My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast I'm never going back, the past is in the past Let it go, let it go And I'll rise like the break of dawn Let it go, let it go That perfect girl is gone Here I stand in the light of day Let the storm rage on The cold never bothered me anyway난 깨어나 까만 밤과 함께 다 들어와 담엔 누구 차례 한 치 앞도 볼 수 없는 막장 게릴라 경배하라 목청이 터지게 찌질한 분위기를 전환해 광기를 감추지 못하게 해 남자들의 품위 여자들의 가식 이유 모를 자신감이 볼만해 난 보란 듯이 너무나도 뻔뻔히 니 몸속에 파고드는 알러지 이상한 정신의 술렁이는 천지 오늘 여기 무법지 난 불을 질러 심장을 태워 널 미치게 하고 싶어 B-I-G, yeah, we bang like this 모두 다 같이 총 맞은 것처럼 Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! 빵야! 빵야! 빵야! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! 빵야! 빵야! 빵야! 다 꼼짝 마라 다 꼼짝 마 다 꼼짝 마라 다 꼼짝 마 오늘 밤 끝장 보자 다 끝장 봐 오늘 밤 끝장 보자 빵야! 빵야! 빵야! 널 데려가 지금 이 순간에 새빨간 저 하늘이 춤출 때 돌고 돌아 너와 나 이곳은 Valhalla 찬양하라 더 울려 퍼지게 We go hard 불침번 밤새 달려 축지법 이 노래는 꼭지점 신이나 불러라 신점 큰 비명소리는 마성의 멜로디 검은 독기의 연결 고리 사방 팔방 오방 가서 푸는 고삐 woo 난 불을 질러 네 심장을 태워 널 미치게 하고 싶어 B-I-G, yeah, we bang like this 모두 다 같이 총 맞은 것처럼 Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! 빵야! 빵야! 빵야! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! 빵야! 빵야! 빵야! 다 꼼짝 마라 다 꼼짝 마 다 꼼짝 마라 다 꼼짝 마 오늘 밤 끝장 보자 다 끝장 봐 오늘 밤 끝장 보자 빵야! 빵야! 빵야! Ready or not Yeah, we don’t give a what Ready or not Yeah, we don’t give a what Let’s go! 남자들은 위로 여자들은 get low 당겨라 bang bang bang Let the bass drum go 남자들은 위로 여자들은 get low 당겨라 bang bang bang Let the bass drum go Hey... hey... let the bass drum go Hey... hey... let the bass drum go Hey... hey... let the bass drum go Hey... hey... let the bass drum goTOP & Seungri Loser 외톨이 센 척하는 겁쟁이 못된 양아치 거울 속에 넌 Just a loser 외톨이 상처뿐인 머저리 더러운 쓰레기 거울 속에 난 I’m a G-Dragon 솔직히 세상과 난 어울린 적 없어 홀로였던 내겐 사랑 따윈 벌써 잊혀 진지 오래 저 시간 속에 더 이상은 못 듣겠어 희망찬 사랑 노래 너나 나나 그저 길들여진 대로 각본 속에 놀아나는 슬픈 삐에로 난 멀리 와버렸어 I’m coming home 이제 다시 돌아갈래 어릴 적 제자리로 Taeyang 언제부턴가 난 yeah 하늘 보다 땅을 더 바라보게 돼 숨쉬기조차 힘겨워 손을 뻗지만 그 누구도 날 잡아 주질 않네 I’m a G-Dragon & Seungri Loser 외톨이 센 척하는 겁쟁이 못된 양아치 거울 속에 넌 Just a loser 외톨이 상처뿐인 머저리 더러운 쓰레기 거울 속에 난 I’m a TOP 반복되는 여자들과의 내 실수 하룻밤을 사랑하고 해 뜨면 싫증 책임지지 못 할나의 이기적인 기쁨 하나 땜에 모든 것이 망가져버린 지금 멈출 줄 모르던나의위험한 질주 이젠 아무런 감흥도 재미도 없는 기분 나 벼랑 끝에 혼자 있네 I’m going home 나 다시 돌아갈래예전의 제자리로 Daesung 언제부턴가 난 Yeah 사람들의 시선을 두려워만 해 우는 것조차 지겨워 웃어보지만 그 아무도 날 알아주질 않네 I’m a TOP and Seungri Loser 외톨이 센 척하는 겁쟁이 못된 양아치 거울 속에 넌 Just a loser 외톨이 상처뿐인 머저리 더러운 쓰레기 거울 속에 난 Taeyang 파란 저 하늘을 원망하지 난 가끔 내려놓고 싶어져 I want to say goodbye 이 길의 끝에 방황이 끝나면 부디 후회 없는 채로 두 눈 감을 수 있길 G-Dragon, Seungri and Taeyang Loser 외톨이 센 척하는 겁쟁이 못된 양아치 거울 속에 넌 Just a loser 외톨이 상처뿐인 머저리 더러운 쓰레기 거울 속에 난 I’m a Taeyang Loser I’m a loser I’m a loser, e-hey I’m a loser, mmmOh Yeah! C’mon! Take your time 왠지 두근대는 밤이야 Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na So tonight 달 끝까지 달려가볼까 Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Yea Just right 시동을 걸어 엑셀에 발을 올려 모든 것이 특별해 너와는 잘 어울려 무엇을 원하던 I'mma make it work (Yeah) Shawty, I'mma party till the sun down 지금 이 신비로운 느낌은 뭘까 와줘 내게로 어서 Before the sun rise 네가 없는 난 어딜 가도 Nobody (Yeah) 오! 도로 위에 여긴 runway 날 바라보는 눈 속 milky way Just love me right (아하!) Baby love me right (아하!) 오! 내게로 와 망설이지마 넌 매혹적인 나의 universe Just love me right (아하!) 내 우주는 전부 너야 Just love me right Just love me right Just love me right 내 우주는 전부 너야 Shine a light 별빛 속을 달려 은하술 건너 Na Na Na Na Na Na Na Na 멈출 순 없어 오예! 우릴 비추는 달빛은 여전하지 네 궤도 안 헤매고 있어 난 아직 I can do this all night long baby 네가 없는 난 어딜 가도 반쪽짜리니까 오우! 달빛 찬란한 밤 펼쳐진 별들의 불꽃놀이 좀 더 높이 날아가볼까 (날아가볼까) 가슴 터질듯한 이 순간 우리 둘만 떠올라 발 밑에 지구를 두고 love me right 도로 위에 여긴 runway 날 바라보는 눈 속 milky way Just love me right (아하!) Baby love me right (아하!) So come on baby 눈이 부시게 더 아름다운 너의 universe (아름다운 lady) Just love me right (아하!) 내 우주는 전부 너야 (오!) Just love me right Just love me right (Can you love me right) Just love me right I just wanna make you love me (내 우주는 전부 너야) 수 없는 밤이 찾아와도 내 하늘엔 오직 너만 빛나 (Woo Yeah) 속삭여줘 내게만 밤하늘을 너와 내가 물들여가 도로 위에 여긴 runway 날 바라보는 눈 속 milky way Just love me right (아하!) Baby love me right (아하!) 오! 내게로 와 망설이지마 넌 매혹적인 나의 universe Just love me right (아하!) 내 우주는 전부 너야 (내 우주는 전부 너야) Just love me right (Oh oh oh yeah) Just love me right Just love me right (우리만의 시간) 내 우주는 전부 너야 Just love me right Just love me right Just love me right (짜릿한 Cosmic ride, 우리만의 야간비행) I just wanna make you love me Yea (Woo You got to love) Yea (You got to love me) Yea 내 우주는 전부 너야 (내 우주는 전부 너야) Yea (You love me) Yea (You love me) Yea 내 우주는 전부 너야비틀비틀 걸어가는 나의 다리 오늘도 의미없는 또 하루가 흘러가죠 사랑도 끼리끼리 하는거라 믿는 나는 좀처럼 두근두근 거릴일이 전혀없죠 위잉위잉 하루살이도 처량한 나를 비웃듯이 멀리 날아가죠 비잉비잉 돌아가는 세상도 나를 비웃듯이 계속 꿈틀대죠 Tell me Tell me, Please don't tell 차라리 듣지 못한 편이 내겐 좋을거야 Tell me Tell me, Please don't tell 차라리 보지 못한 편이 내겐 좋을거야 ai ai ai ai ai 사람들 북적대는 출근길의 지하철엔 좀처럼 카드찍고 타볼일이 전혀없죠 집에서 뒹굴뒹굴 할 일없어 빈둥대는 내 모습 너무 초라해서 정말 죄송하죠 위잉위잉 하루살이도 처량한 나를 비웃듯이 멀리 날아가죠 비잉비잉 돌아가는 세상도 나를 비웃듯이 계속 꿈틀대죠 쌔앵 쌔앵 칼바람도 상처난 내 마음을 어쩌지는 못할거야 뚜욱 뚜욱 떨어지는 눈물이 언젠가는 이세상을 덮을거야 Tell me Tell me, Please don't tell 차라리 듣지 못한 편이 내겐 좋을거야 Tell me Tell me, Please don't tell 차라리 보지 못한 편이 내겐 좋을거야 Tell me Tell me, Please don't tell 차라리 느껴보지 못한 편이 내겐 좋을거야 Tell me Tell me, Please don't tell 차라리 살아보지 못한 편이 내겐 좋을거야 비틀비틀 걸어가는 나의 다리 오늘도 의미없는 또 하루가 흘러가죠 사랑도 끼리끼리 하는거라 믿는 나는 좀처럼 두근두근 거릴일이 전혀없죠 위잉위잉 하루살이도 처량한 나를 비웃듯이 멀리 날아가죠 비잉비잉 돌아가는 세상도 나를 비웃듯이 계속 꿈틀대죠너만을 유혹하는 춤 (우우우 우우우우!) 심장에 매력 발산 중 (우우우 우우우우!) 손끝만 스쳐도 막 쿵쿵쿵쿵 Oh! 내 맘이 흔들려 Shake it shake it for me Shake it shake it for me 나나나 나나나 나나나! (Hey!) 나나나 나나나 나나나! (Hey!) 짜릿한 이 느낌 날 춤을 추게 해 지금 이 순간 (Shake it) Bae bae baby Love me love me love me now 흔들리는 내 맘 모르겠니 So let's dance Just shake it let's dance 좀 더 핫하게 완전 와일드하게 Make it louder 우우우 더 크게 make it louder 우우우 날 자꾸 흔들어 흔들어 놀라게 흔들어 (Shake it oh shake it) 밤새 나와 Shake it baby 아주 fun하고 smart하게 (흔들흔들어) 온몸이 찌릿찌릿 우리 둘이 (흔들흔들어) 심하게 통하니 여기 불났으니 When I Move 움직여 자리 잡았으니 Shake it shake it for me Shake it shake it for me 나나나 나나나 나나나! (Hey!) 나나나 나나나 나나나! (Hey!) 짜릿한 이 느낌 날 춤을 추게 해 지금 이 순간 (Shake it) Bae bae baby Love me love me love me now 흔들리는 내 맘 모르겠니 So let's dance Just shake it let's dance 좀 더 핫하게 완전 와일드하게 Make it louder 우우우 더 크게 make it louder 우우우 날 자꾸 흔들어 흔들어 놀라게 흔들어 (Shake it oh shake it) 밤새 나와 Shake it baby Shake it oh shake it Shake it up shake it for me Shake it oh shake it Shake it up shake it for me Shake it up shake it for me Shake it for me my baby Shake it for me my baby 그렇게 모두 모여 dance Just shake it let's dance 좀 더 핫하게 완전 와일드하게 Make it louder 우우우 더 크게 make it louder 우우우 날 자꾸 흔들어 흔들어 놀라게 흔들어 (Shake it oh shake it) 밤새 나와 Shake it babyI got it from my daddy Daddy I feel nice, you look nice 널 보자마자 나 어머나 땡잡았스 Don't think twice, 이미 게임 끝났스 You'll be my curry, I'll be your rice My name is P-S-Y, 한국말로 박재상 너의 아련한 눈동자에, 빠져서 헤엄치고파 오빠 달린다 꽉 붙잡아 언니야 나는 아름다운 아가씨의 동반자 Hold up, wait a minute 지금부터 선수끼리 밤이 아까워, turn up louder 불타오르는 아름다운 그대여 How you like me now? How you like me now? How you like me now? How you like me now? Hey, where'd you get that body from? Where'd you get that body from? Where'd you get that body from? I got it from my daddy I got it from my daddy I got it, got it (Hey, where'd you get that body from?) I got it from my daddy I got it from my daddy I got it, got it (Hey, where'd you get that body from?) I got it from my dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, daddy I got it from my dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, daddy I'm on fire, take you higher 넌 한폭의 명작 난 아낌없는, buyer Don't be a liar, 까고 말해봐요 I be your honey, never expire 낮에는 잠만 자 밤이 오면 상남자 널 보자마자 나 너무 좋아서 뻑이 가 척 보면 압니다, 신나면 어린애 입니다 오빠가 오방가 깜빡이 안 키고, 훅 들어갑니다 Hold up, wait a minute 지금부터 선수끼리 밤이 아까워, turn up louder 불타오르는 아름다운 그대여 How you like me now? How you like me now? How you like me now? How you like me now? Hey, where'd you get that body from? Where'd you get that body from? Where'd you get that body from? I got it from my daddy I got it from my daddy I got it, got it (Hey, where'd you get that body from?) I got it from my daddy I got it from my daddy I got it, got it (Hey, where'd you get that body from?) I got it from my dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, daddy I got it from my dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, daddy Listen, my papa was a superman, hey 그대로 받아왔어 그 몸매, hey 신사이길 거부하는 신사 이 구역에 미친놈은 바로 나, hey I got it from my dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, daddy I got it from my dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad Dad, daddy너와 입술이 닿을 때부터 모든 게 달라질 줄 알았는데 별거 없어 넌 다른 게 없어 너와 보내는 주말 밤이 아주 달콤할 거라 믿었는데 별거 없어 넌 다를 게 없어 어이없어 영화에 나오는 예쁜 연인들처럼 나나난난 그런 사랑을 원하는데 Baby why I'm so lonely 난 애타는데 넌 뭐니 Baby no 내 마음이 언제 널 떠나 버릴지 몰라 (Tell me why) 뭐야 니 맘은 도대체 뭐야 내가 얼마나 널 사랑하는 데 이렇게 답답한 기분은 뭔데 뭔가 콩깍지가 씌었는데 너도 나만큼 빠져야 하는데 너만 멋져 내 마음만 다쳐 괜찮을 거라고 Mind control 해도 예상 밖에 있는 내 남잔 Out of control 잔소리만 넘쳐 어이없어 알면 알수록 모르겠어 맘이 왜 자꾸 외로워지는지 나나난난 텅 빈 방안에 혼자 갇혀버린 것 같아 난 애타는데 넌 뭐니 Baby no 내 마음이 언제 널 떠나 버릴지 몰라 (Tell me why) 뭐야 니 맘은 도대체 뭐야 내가 얼마나 널 사랑하는 데 이렇게 답답한 기분은 뭔데 I don't wanna talk about it 말하지 않아도 모두 다 알아 봐주길 아 이건 내 그저 가벼운 바램일 뿐 귓가엔 그저 스치는 바람일 뿐 귀찮다는 듯 얼굴을 구겨 뭐든 대충대충 당연하단 듯 너는 우겨 담엔 더 잘해줄게 응? 다음이 어디 있어 네 이번 기회 떠나기 전 오 아직도 넌 정신 못 차리면 뻥 차기 직전 Baby why I'm so lonely 난 애타는데 넌 뭐니 Baby no 내 마음이 언제 널 떠나버릴지 몰라 (Tell me why) 뭐야 니 맘은 도대체 뭐야 내가 얼마나 널 사랑하는 데 이렇게 답답한 기분은 뭔데 뭐야 니 맘은 도대체 뭐야 내가 얼마나 널 사랑하는 데 이렇게 답답한 기분은 뭔데 뭐야"]

latin = [ "
Si pudiera bajarte una estrella del cielo Lo haría sin pensarlo dos veces, porque te quiero, ay Y hasta un lucero, oh Y si tuviera el naufragio de un sentimiento Sería un velero en la isla de tus deseos, oh De tus deseos, oh Pero por dentro Entiende que no puedo Y a veces me pierdo Cuando me enamoro A veces desespero cuando me enamoro Cuando menos me lo espero me enamoro Se detiene el tiempo Me viene el alma al cuerpo Sonrío, cuando me enamoro Si la luna sería tu premio Yo juraría hacer cualquier cosa por ser su dueño, ay Por ser tu dueño, oh Y si en tus sueños escuchas el llanto de mis lamentos En tus sueños no sigas dormida Que es verdadero, ay No es un sueño, no Me alegro que a veces el final No encuentre su momento Cuando me enamoro A veces desespero cuando me enamoro Cuando menos me lo espero me enamoro Se detiene el tiempo Me viene el alma al cuerpo Sonrío, cuando me enamoroBahía Azul! A & X! Taboo! Andáte Un Brasilia! (Pasión!) Nombre Llores Poride El! (Nombre del llores Poride El!) Llorando Se Fue La Que Un Día Amí me hizó Llorar Llorando Se Fue La Que Un Día Amí me hizó Llorar Llorando Estara Recordando El Amor Que Un Día ni Supo Cuidari (Mi amante!) Llorando Estara Recordando El Amor Que Un Díain Supo Cuidari (Brasil!) Un Estaricom Recordação Vai Por Aonde Ele Un Recordação Vai Estar Pra Sempre Aonde Por Dança, Sol Ei Mar Guardarei ni Olhar Amor Si Vais Encontrar Perder Si Lambando Estarei Ao Lembrari Que Este Amor PoriUmiDiaiUmiInstanteiFoiiRei Soca En San Pablo Noche De, La Luna, Las Estrellas La playa de La Arena parrafo Olvidarme De Ella Una sirena Que Hechiza Y yode de de Mientras Tomando El Sol Uh! IOH-Oh! Un Cuerpo Que yo sentimos No Hay Un Gritos Samba Y Calor Uh! iOhi oh! Mi nena, Menea! Cintura Una Prende Una Candela Mi nena, Menea! Quein SemeCansa Mi nena, Menea! Bailando Asi Mi nena, Menea! Ron Da Fao, Ron Fao Da Mi nena, Menea! Matadora! Mi nena, Menea! Velame En La Favela Velame En La Favela Velame En La Favela Llorando Se Fue La Que Un Día me hizó Llorar Llorando Se Fue La Que Un Día me hizó Llorar Llorando Estara Recordando El Amor Que el pecado Un Día Cuidar Supo (Miiamante!) Llorando Estara Recordando El Amor Un Díai Que no Cuidar Supo (Brasil!) Un Recordação Vai Estar Con Ele Por Aonde Un Recordação Vai Estar Con Ele Por Aonde Dança, El Sol y Mar Guardare en Olhar Amor Si Vais Encontrar Perder Si Lambando Estarei Ao Lembrar Queme Este Amor Por Um Dia Um Instante Foi Rei Soca En San Pablo Noche De, La Luna, Las Estrellas La playa de La Arena parrafo Olvidarme De Ella Una sirena Que Hechiza Y yode de de Mientras Tomando El Sol Uh! IOH-Oh! Un Cuerpo Que yo sentimos No Hay Un Gritos Samba Y Calor Uh! iOhi oh! Mi nena, Menea! Cintura Una Prende Una Candela Mi nena, Menea! Quein SemeCansa Mi nena, Menea! Bailando Asi Mi nena, Menea! Ron Da Fao, Ron Fao Da Mi nena, Menea! La Luna, Las Estrellas Mi nena, Menea! Mi nena, Menea! La playa de La Arena Mi nena, Menea!Quiero que tus labios digan que eres mía Que no soportas esta lejanía Que si yo no estoy contigo es muy largo el día Quiero escuchar que me hablas sin reproches Que si e fallado me perdones Que si yo no estoy contigo es muy fría la noche Dime que me quieres dime que me amas Dime que te mueres cuando te hago falta Que sin mi la vida es algo diferente Te falta mi presencia porque te hace fuerte Dime que me quieres dime que me amas Que sin mi la vida no sirve de nada Dime que soy mas de lo que yo imagino Dime que te mueres por estar conmigo Nomas conmigo Quiero escuchar que me hablas sin reproches Que si e fallado me perdones Que si yo no estoy contigo es muy fría la noche Dime que me quieres dime que me amas Dime que te mueres cuando te hago falta Que sin mi la vida es algo diferente Te falta mi presencia porque te hace fuerte Dime que me quieres dime que me amas Que sin mi la vida no sirve de nada Dime que soy mas de lo que yo imagino Dime que te mueres por estar conmigo Quiero escuchar que me hablas sin reproches Que si e fallado me perdones Que si yo no estoy contigo es muy fría la noche Dime que me quieres dime que me amas Dime que te mueres cuando te hago falta Que sin mi la vida es algo diferente Te falta mi presencia porque te hace fuerte Dime que me quieres dime que me amas Que sin mi la vida no sirve de nada Dime que soy mas de lo que yo imagino Dime que te mueres por estar conmigo Dime que me quieres dime que me amas Dime que te mueres cuando te hago falta Que sin mi la vida es algo diferente Te falta mi presencia porque te hace fuerte Dime que me quieres dime que me amas Que sin mi la vida no sirve de nada Dime que soy mas de lo que yo imagino Dime que te mueres por estar conmigo Solo conmigoRichi Peña Chino y Nacho Esta canción nació de un pensamiento Es Así Y yo solo pienso en ti Mi niña bonita Mi amor Oye Tu reconoces un hit cuando lo oyes Lo que siento por ti Es ternura y pasión Tú me has hecho sentir Que hay en mi corazón Tanto amor Tanto amor Yo nací para ti Y tú también para mí Y ahora sé que morir es tratar de vivir Sin tu amor Sin tu amor Mi niña bonita mi dulce princesa Me siento en las nubes cuando tú me besas Y siento que vuelo más alto que el cielo Si tengo de cerca el olor de tú pelo Mi niña bonita brillante lucero Te queda pequeña la frase Te Quiero Por eso mis labios te dicen te amo Cuando estamos juntos más nos enamoramos Aquí hay amor Aquí hay amor Aquí hay amor amor Aquí hay amor amor Aquí hay hay hay hay hay hay amor Este amor que como espuma sube Que cuando te tomo de la mano por el parque Camino en las nubes Parece mentira que ya no recuerdo nada Cuando solo estuve Nada se podrá comparar Con algo tan especial Nada se compara con lo nuestro mi vida Le agradezco al tiempo Que me ha demostrado que las cosas buenas llegan En cualquier momento Yo no imaginaba que conocería Algún día este sentimiento Un amor puro y natural Digno de admirar (Digno de admirar princesa) Un amor de fantasía, lleno de romance y alegría De bello detalle cada día Nena quién lo diría Que algún día yo me enamoraría Y que sin tu amor no viviría Como sabia que esto pasaría Que ibas a ser mía Y que yo querría Amarte por siempre mi niña bonita Mi niña bonita mi dulce princesa Me siento en las nubes cuando tú me besas Y siento que vuelo más alto que el cielo Si tengo de cerca el olor de tú pelo Mi niña bonita brillante lucero Te queda pequeña la frase Te Quiero Por eso mis labios te dicen te amo Cuando estamos juntos más nos enamoramos Aquí hay amor (mi niña bonita) Aquí hay amor (mi niña bonita) Aquí hay amor amor Aquí hay amor amor Aquí hay hay hay hay hay hay amor Desde este momento no podrás sacarte esta canción de tú cabeza Chino Y Nacho Mi Niña Bonita Tú y únicamente tú Mi Niña Bonita! Más nahY esta es la banda sinaloense Los recoditos oiga Fierro amomos Se que estoy perdido Se que estoy muriendo sin tu amor Sin tu calor por tu adiós Se que es un castigo Que me des tu olvido Que dolor cuanto dolor siento yo Ando bien pedo bien loco Cantándole al recuerdo mis penas Pidiendo tu regreso y tus besitos Gritándole al olvido maldito Bebiéndome la vida perdido Jodido entre las noches sin tu cuerpo Yo si te necesito te necesito Se que estoy perdido Se que estoy muriendo sin tu amor Sin tu calor por tu adiós Se que es un castigo Que me des tu olvido Que dolor cuanto dolor siento yo Ando bien pedo bien loco Cantándole al recuerdo mis penas Pidiendo tu regreso y tus besitos Gritándole al olvido maldito Bebiéndome la vida perdido Jodido entre las noches sin tu cuerpo Yo si te necesito te necesito Ando bien pedo bien loco Cantándole al recuerdo mis penas Pidiendo tu regreso y tus besitos Gritándole al olvido maldito Bebiéndome la vida perdido Jodido entre las noches sin tu cuerpo Yo si te necesito te necesito Ando bien pedo bien loco Cantándole al recuerdo mis penas Pidiendo tu regreso y tus besitos Gritándole al olvido maldito Bebiéndome la vida perdido Jodido entre las noches sin tu cuerpo Yo si te necesito te necesito Ando bien pedo bien loco Cantándole al recuerdo mis penas Pidiendo tu regreso y tus besitos Gritándole al olvido maldito Bebiéndome la vida perdido Jodido entre las noches sin tu cuerpo Yo si te necesito te necesito Ando bien pedo bien loco Cantándole al recuerdo mis penas Pidiendo tu regreso y tus besitos Gritándole al olvido maldito Bebiéndome la vida perdido Jodido entre las noches sin tu cuerpo Yo si te necesito te necesitoCon palabras sencillas hoy quiero decirte Me gustas de pies a cabeza Es más claro que el agua que te necesito Me gustas todita completa Y es que tu belleza es incomparable La naturaleza fue buena contigo Hice la elección correcta al elegirte Para estar siempre conmigo. Me gusta todo de ti Tu sonrisa, tus ojos, tu cara Y esa forma tan dulce de hablarme Si me besas me llevas al cielo Siento ser el aire. Me gusta todo de ti Eres única, por dentro y por fuera A tu lado todo es tan perfecto Eres más de lo que yo merezco Y sin duda alguna, cuanto me gustas. Y es que tu belleza es incomparable La naturaleza fue buena contigo Hice la elección correcta al elegirte Para estar siempre conmigo. Me gusta todo de ti Tu sonrisa, tus ojos, tu cara Y esa forma tan dulce de hablarme Si me besas me llevas al cielo Siento ser el aire. Me gusta todo de ti Eres única, por dentro y por fuera A tu lado todo es tan perfecto Eres más de lo que yo merezco Y sin duda alguna, cuanto me gustas.Necesito oír tu voz Para poder vivir En este mundo vació Que estremece mi alma Porque has sido en mi vida Mi primer amor, mi primera ilusión El deseo de amar mi necesidad Cuantas veces Intente cambiar tu decisión Pero tu maldito orgullo Pudo mas que yo Te alejaste sin siquiera Darme una razón Solo un triste adiós Lo nuestro termino Y ahora que no estas Dime como enfrentarme Al mundo en esta soledad Se que no volverás Pues tu vanidad vale mas Que la palabra amar Nunca olvidare Las noches cuando me decías Siempre te amare Que te vaya bien Que por el resto de mi vida Te recordare Y nunca olvidare las noches Cuando me decías Siempre te amare El Trono de Mexico Te alejaste sin siquiera Darme una razón Solo un triste adiós Lo nuestro termino Y ahora que no estas Dime como enfrentarme Al mundo en esta soledad Se que no volverás Pues tu vanidad vale mas Que la palabra amar Nunca olvidare Las noches cuando me decías Siempre te amare Que te vaya bien Que por el resto de mi vida Te recordareHoy te vuelvo a llamar Para pedirte que me perdones Y  que me brindes una oportunidad Y yo estoy conciente Que  las horas an sido fuerte Pero el amor todo lo puede TE pido perdon,eres mi reina, eres mi todo Y estoy aqui por que te amo(x2) El amor  se ase fuerte cuando un hombre perdona Cuando ama y quiere ven por favor te lo pido Porque  me muero regresar  contigo(x2) Te pido perdon,eres mi reina, eres mi todo Y estoy aqui por que te amo(x2) La soledad ,me tormenta en las noches La vida sin ti no es igual De mi que sera , hoy te  estiendo yo  mis manos Pidiendote una oportunidad Te pido perdon,eres mi reina, eres mi todo Y estoy aqui por que te amo Te pido perdon,eres mi reina, eres mi todo Hoy te vuelvo a llamar Para pedirte que me perdones Y  que me brindes una oportunidad Y yo estoy conciente Que  las horas an sido fuerte Pero el amor todo lo puede",

"Ya me contaron Que te acomplejas de tu imagen Y mira el espejo Que linda eres sin maquillaje Y si eres gorda o flaca Todo eso no me importa a mi Y tampoco soy perfecto Solo se que te quiero asi Y el corazon no tiene cara Y te prometo que lo nuestro Nunca va a terminar Y el amor vive en el alma Ni con deseos sabes que Nada de ti va a cambiar Prende una vela, rezale a Dios Y dale gracias que Tenemos ese lindo corazon Prende una vela, pide perdon Y por creer que tu eres fea Te dedico esta cancion Y si eres gorda o flaca Todo eso no me importa a mi Y tampoco soy perfecto Solo se que te quiero asi (Ladies, you already know) (Royce, 2 strong) Y si eres gorda o flaca Todo eso no me importa a mi Y tampoco soy perfecto Solo se que te quiero asi Y el corazon no tiene cara Y te prometo que lo nuestro Nunca va a terminar Y el amor vive en el alma Ni con deseos sabes que Nada de ti va a cambiar Nadie es perfecto en el amor Ay seas blanquita, morenita, no me importa el color Mirame a mi, mirame bien Aunque tenga cara de bonito Me acomplejo yo tambien Y si eres gorda o flaca Todo eso no me importa a mi Y tampoco soy perfecto Solo se que te quiero asi (sentimiento, come on) Y el corazon no tiene cara Y te prometo que lo nuestro Nunca va a terminar Y el amor vive en el alma Ni con deseos sabes que Nada de ti va a cambiarBahía Azul! A & X! Taboo! Andáte Un Brasilia! (Pasión!) Nombre Llores Poride El! (Nombre del llores Poride El!) Llorando Se Fue La Que Un Día Amí me hizó Llorar Llorando Se Fue La Que Un Día Amí me hizó Llorar Llorando Estara Recordando El Amor Que Un Día ni Supo Cuidari (Mi amante!) Llorando Estara Recordando El Amor Que Un Díain Supo Cuidari (Brasil!) Un Estaricom Recordação Vai Por Aonde Ele Un Recordação Vai Estar Pra Sempre Aonde Por Dança, Sol Ei Mar Guardarei ni Olhar Amor Si Vais Encontrar Perder Si Lambando Estarei Ao Lembrari Que Este Amor PoriUmiDiaiUmiInstanteiFoiiRei Soca En San Pablo Noche De, La Luna, Las Estrellas La playa de La Arena parrafo Olvidarme De Ella Una sirena Que Hechiza Y yode de de Mientras Tomando El Sol Uh! IOH-Oh! Un Cuerpo Que yo sentimos No Hay Un Gritos Samba Y Calor Uh! iOhi oh! Mi nena, Menea! Cintura Una Prende Una Candela Mi nena, Menea! Quein SemeCansa Mi nena, Menea! Bailando Asi Mi nena, Menea! Ron Da Fao, Ron Fao Da Mi nena, Menea! Matadora! Mi nena, Menea! Velame En La Favela Velame En La Favela Velame En La Favela Llorando Se Fue La Que Un Día me hizó Llorar Llorando Se Fue La Que Un Día me hizó Llorar Llorando Estara Recordando El Amor Que el pecado Un Día Cuidar Supo (Miiamante!) Llorando Estara Recordando El Amor Un Díai Que no Cuidar Supo (Brasil!) Un Recordação Vai Estar Con Ele Por Aonde Un Recordação Vai Estar Con Ele Por Aonde Dança, El Sol y Mar Guardare en Olhar Amor Si Vais Encontrar Perder Si Lambando Estarei Ao Lembrar Queme Este Amor Por Um Dia Um Instante Foi Rei Soca En San Pablo Noche De, La Luna, Las Estrellas La playa de La Arena parrafo Olvidarme De Ella Una sirena Que Hechiza Y yode de de Mientras Tomando El Sol Uh! IOH-Oh! Un Cuerpo Que yo sentimos No Hay Un Gritos Samba Y Calor Uh! iOhi oh! Mi nena, Menea! Cintura Una Prende Una Candela Mi nena, Menea! Quein SemeCansa Mi nena, Menea! Bailando Asi Mi nena, Menea! Ron Da Fao, Ron Fao Da Mi nena, Menea! La Luna, Las Estrellas Mi nena, Menea! Mi nena, Menea! La playa de La Arena Mi nena, Menea!Me encantaría poder causar locas reacciones en tu cuerpo Tal vez un poco inclinado al loco beso Me encantaría enamorar tu corazón Me encantaría ser el motivo de que se te escape el sueño Que sea mi nombre el que llene tu cuaderno De cada olvido quiero ser yo tu razón Me encantaría ser tu alegría Ser tu mayor motivación de cada día El que en tu cama beba tus ganas Como él que bebe solo en fines de semana Me encantaría estar de planta en tu vida Ser tu eterno seductor sin despedida Me encantaría ya no tener que aguantarme mis deseos Cuando he sufriendo solo porque no te veo Me encantaría fueras mía de una vez Me encantaría ya no tener que esconderme para verte Por ser tu amante desde ahora y para siempre Sería capaz de lo que fuera, ya lo ves Me encantaría ser tu alegría Ser tu mayor motivación de cada día El que en tu cama beba tus ganas Como él que bebe solo en fines de semana Me encantaría estar de planta en tu vida Ser tu eterno seductor sin despedidaA&X El Orfanato Danza Kuduroooo Plo plo plo plo Lucenzo l Orfanato El Rey Las manos arriba cintura sola Da media vuelta danza kuduro No te canses ahora que esto solo empieza Mueve la cabeza danza kuduro (x2) Quien puede domar la fuerza del mar Que se mete por tus venas Lo caliente del sol que se te metio Y no te deja quieta nena Quien puede parar eso que al bailar Descontrola tus caderas sexy Y ese fuego que quema por dentro Y lento te convierte en fiera Con las manos arriba cintura sola Da media vuelta y sacude duro No te quites ahora que esto solo empieza Mueve la cabeza y sacude duro Balançar què uma loucura Morena vem o meu lado Ninguem vai ficar parado Quero ver Mexa kuduro Balançar què uma loucura Morena vem o meu lado Ninguem vai ficar parado oh Oi oi oi, oi oi oi E para quebrar kuduro, vamos dançar kuduro Oi oi oi, oi oi oi Seja morena o loira, vem balançar kuduro Oi oi oi Las manos arriba cintura sola Da media vuelta danza kuduro No te canses ahora que esto solo empieza Mueve la cabeza danza kuduro (x2) Balançar què uma loucura Morena vem o meu lado Ninguem vai ficar parado Quero ver Mexa kuduro Balançar què uma loucura Morena vem o meu lado Ninguem vai ficar parado oh Oi oi oi, oi oi oi E para quebrar kuduro, vamos dançar kuduro Oi oi oi, oi oi oi Seja morena o loira, vem balançar kuduro Oi oi oi El Orfanatooooooo! Las manos arriba cintura sola Da media vuelta danza kuduro No te canses ahora que esto solo empieza Mueve la cabeza danza kuduro (x2) A&XPitbull Me not working hard? Yeah right picture that with a Kodak Or better yet, go to Times Square Take a picture of me with a Kodak Took my life from negative to positive I just want y'all to know that And tonight, let's enjoy life Pitbull, Nayer, Ne-Yo, that's right Ne-Yo Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight Nayer Don't care what they say All the games they play Nothing is enough Till they handle love (let's do it tonight) I want you tonight I want you to stay I want you tonight Ne-Yo Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Pitbull Take advantage of tonight 'Cause tomorrow I'm off to Dubai to perform for a princess But tonight I can make you my queen And make love to you endless It's insane the way the name growin' money keep flowin' Hustlers move in silence so I'm tip-toein' to keep blowin' I got it locked up like Lindsay Lohan Put it on my life baby I'll make you feel right baby Can't promise tomorrow But I promise tonight... dale! Excuse me If I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me if I could tonight And baby, I'mma make you feel so good tonight 'Cause we might not get tomorrow Ne-Yo Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight Nayer Don't care what they say All the games they play Nothing is enough Till they handle love (let's do it tonight) I want you tonight I want you to stay I want you tonight Ne-Yo Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Pitbull Reach for the stars And if you don't grab 'em at least you'll fall on top of the world Thank about it 'cause if you slip I'm gon' fall on top of your girl (ha ha) What I'm involved in is deeper than the Mason's Baby baby, and it ain't no secret My family's from Cuba But I'm an American Idol gettin' money like Seacrest Put it on my life baby I'll make you feel right baby Can't promise tomorrow But I promise tonight... dale! Excuse me If I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me if I could tonight And baby I'mma make you feel so good tonight 'Cause we might not get tomorrow Ne-Yo Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight Nayer Don't care what they say All the games they play Nothing is enough Till they handle love (let's do it tonight) I want you tonight I want you to stay I want you tonight Ne-Yo Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Pitbull Excuse me If I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me if I could tonight And baby I'mma make you feel so good tonight 'Cause we might not get tomorrowMe sorprende que me digas esas cosas, que vas a poder sacarme de tu mente así nomás, que no entiendes a caso eres caprichosa, nunca más podrás dejarme aunque se tu voluntad, fíjate bien se que no vas a negarme, que siempre vas a acordarte de lo mucho que te amé CORO Ni lo intentes nunca podrás olvidarme, mis caricias no se borran ni arrancándote la piel . Ni lo pienses no podrás jamás curarte, todavía me necesitas tienes que reconocer, Ni lo intentes por que nadie podrá amarte, no hallarás en otra parte quien este siempre a tus pies Fíjate bien se que no vas a negarme, que siempre vas a acordarte de lo mucho q te amé CORO Ni lo intentes nunca podrás olvidarme, mis caricias no se borran ni arrancándote la piel . Ni lo pienses no podrás jamás curarte, todavía me necesitas tienes que reconocer, Ni lo intentes por que nadie podrá amarte, no hallarás en otra parte quien este siempre a tus piesOw ow ow uh ow ow you Ow ow ow uh ow ow you Ow ow ow uh ow ow you Eres virtuosa mas que fiel Algo grandioso inigualable Y un quince en escala de uno a diez Tienes el aura y el poder Que conduce al infinito A todo hombre que te suele conocer Eres mi droga y me causas efecto Veo arcoiris estrellitas y el eden Sueño despierto, soy adicto a tu sexo Extasis divino, medicina del placer Tus labios me saben a miel Y tus fluidos son el nectar que mi lengua saborea cuando hay sed No hay errores en tu ser Y como Dios no se equivoca te prefiero cien por ciento en desnudes Eres vino tinto, mi trago predilecto Derrama en mi cuerpo absórbete en mi piel Y que esta noche se demore en exceso Que minutos se hagan horas devorándote mujer You Eres afrodisiaco, exquisito me excitas sin fin You Has domado un salvaje me entrego a tu aroma sutil You you Has borrado las ansias de aquel hombre infiel y por tí Soy feliz, yo por tí; pierdo el aliento siento fuego por dentro And baby you, you are my lady It's more than sexual, you make me complete Ow ow ow ow ow ow you Ow ow ow ow ow ow you Ow ow ow ow ow ow you Ow ow ow ow ow You need this in your life Oye que feeling mami The King Stays King Siempre fui un enigma que nadie pudo entender Navegando entre mujeres, a ver quien me pueda complacer Y llegaste tú mi loca, amante me haces bien You Eres afrodisiaco, exquisito me excitas sin fin You Has domado un salvaje me entrego a tu aroma sutil You you Has borrado las ansias de aquel hombre infiel y por tí Soy feliz, yo por tí; pierdo el aliento siento fuego por dentro Then you my baby, my lady And you make me complete Ow ow ow ow ow ow Ow ow ow ow ow ow Girl, hmmmTu dirás, cuanto tengo que desembolsar? Para ser el dueño del lunar Que te adorna a un lado de tu boca, Tu dirás, Tengo mucho amor para gastar Contigo lo quiero derrochar Hasta quedarme en banca rota Véndeme esos ojos de color de color café, Yo te ofrezco una luna de miel, Y en un saco pétalos de rosas, Véndeme todo tu cariño de una vez Por que como debes de saber, No todo con lana se compra Cuanto me cuesta tu amor? Dime cual es su valor Si vale un millón de besos Yo tengo mas que eso, Que de besos tengo lleno el corazón Cuanto me cuesta tu amor? Tengo un millón de pasión Aunque no tenga dinero Tu sabes cuanto te quiero, Yo te pagare al contado Cuando este en mi colchón Véndeme esos ojos de color de color café, Yo te ofrezco una luna de miel, Y en un saco pétalos de rosas, Véndeme todo tu cariño de una vez Por que como debes de saber, No todo con lana se compra Cuanto me cuesta tu amor? Tengo un millón de pasión Aunque no tenga dinero Tu sabes cuanto te quiero, Yo te pagare al contado Cuando este en mi colchónLa nueva generacion a pura fiesta Let me introduce you to my party people in the club. Ya tu sabe que Armando no para hasta que esa loca sale, sale Las cosas que yo hago no tienen precio pero hoy vale Dame un poquito de tequila y yo tengo el... Tu me entiendes? Perfecto Dale, munequita mamacita mira que gusta, rinda. Ven a gozar ahora, ven a bailar Si quieres ser mas libre ven a bailar Sigue tu instincto ya y ven a bailar Ven y ponte a bailar, se que quieres bailar. No, no pares, sigue, ven y brinda Mueve el cuerpo si y dejalo bailar Deja llevarte y ven a bailar Hoy eres otro asi que ven a bailar Brasil, Marruecos, de Londres a Ibiza Directo a LA, New York, Las Vegas y Africa. Ven a celebrar, sigue tu deseo de bailar Ven a celebrar,que bailando puedes olvidar La la la la la..no piensas nada y ven a bailar! La la la la ....no digas nada y ven a bailar! Alza loz brazos, agita y ven a bailar Suelta tu cuerpo ya y ven a bailar Deja la rabia en casa y ven a bailar Salta, ven a bailar, a bailar. No, no pares, sigue, ven y brinda Todo a vuelta, todo gira al bailar, Y no hay descanso solo ven a bailar Nada te importa cuando puedes bailar. Brasil, Marruecos, de Londres a Ibiza Directo a LA, New York, Las Vegas y Africa. Ven a celebrar, sigue tu deseo de bailar Ven a celebrar,que bailando puedes olvidar. La la la la la..no piensas nada y ven a bailar! La la la la ....no digas nada y ven a bailar! Ay ayayay vamonos, bye bye bye bye bye Disfruta tonight, mami que tu .. Pero primero vamonos par' el piso Va bailar que yo estoy listo Ven p'aca, rompe el .. Muevete como si tiene el .. Llama las amigas que ...ay m'hijito! Y todos .. hazme el favor y pasame .. Que aqui hay fiesta, dale bestia! La la la la ...no piensas nada y ven a bailar! La la la la ....no digas nada y ven a bailar! La la la la la.. no piensas nada y ven a bailar!",

"No hay nada que no puedas oír Esta hablando mi Ex permiteme Deja ponerla en su lugar Voy a ponerla en su lugar Que diablos quieres? Que parte del no, no entiendes Vete con quien te de la gana Y no vuelvas hablar Te está escuchando Quien te ha suplido Y la verdad es que lo hace Mucho mejor que tu Si quieres oir los besos No cuelgues, quedate ahí No puedo perder el tiempo Ella me hace feliz Te dejo a que te decidas Si vas a colgar o no Si quieres atormentarte Pon el alta voz Y muere de celos de rabia Que al cabo que No sabes donde estoy Que diablos quieres? Que parte del no, no entiendes Vete con quien te de la gana Y no vuelvas hablar Te está escuchando Quien te ha suplido Y la verdad es que lo hace Mucho mejor que tu Si quieres oír los besos No cuelgues, quédate ahí No puedo perder el tiempo Ella me hace feliz Te dejo a que te decidas Si vas a colgar o no Si quieres atormentarte Pon el alta voz Y muere de celos de rabia Que al cabo que No sabes donde estoyJure q no volveria a sucederme de nuevo Volvio a pasar Q cupido no volveria a enredarme en su juego Y aqui ahora estas Uou uou uou Hablando de amar Uou uou uou Hablando de amar Tu tienes algo y no se q aun no lo descifro Pero alteras mis sentidos Otros amores del pasado me han dejado diabetica Y no puedo ser dulce contigo Le temo a q tu y cupido me vendan un sueño Y falle de nuevo A q hoy estes conmigo y mañana con tu dueña Si me vuelve a pasar me muero Oh oh oh uo Me gustas pero tengo miedo de fallar en el amor Oh oh oh uo Me gustas pero tengo miedo de fallar en el amor Yo a cupido no le creo pero en tus ojos veo esa actitud Q t hizo confiar? El pasado a sido duro pero casi estoy seguro q princesa tuu Lo puedo cambiar Con la forma en la q sexy me bailas Y lo rico q tus labios me besan A tu lado se me pasan las horas Lejos de ti no sales de mi cabeza yal Con la forma en la q sexy me bailas Y lo rico q tus labios me besan A tu lado se me pasan las horas Lejos de ti no sales de mi cabeza pai Oh oh oh oh oh You drive me creazy mama Oh oh oh oh oh Me gustas nena Oh oh oh oh oh You drive me creazy mama Oh oh oh oh oh Y no t lo puedo negar Y yo q prometi q al amor no le creeria más Y aqui ahora estas Me la paso pensando en ti todos los dias Hablando de amar Y yo q caminaba solo en el mundo, sin rumbo Y aqui ahora estas Y ahora aqui estas tu devuelveme la luz Hablando de amar Jure q no volveria a sucederme de nuevo Volvio a pasar Q cupido no volveria a enredarme en su juego Y aqui ahora estas Uou uou uou Hablando de amar Uou uou uou Hablando de amar Tu tienes algo y no se q aun no lo descifro Pero alteras mis sentidos Otros amores del pasado me han dejado diabetica Y no puedo ser dulce contigo Le temo a q tu y cupido me vendan un sueño Y falle de nuevo A q hoy estes conmigo y mañana con tu dueña Si me vuelve a pasar me muero Oh oh oh uo Me gustas pero tengo miedo de fallar en el amor Oh oh oh uo Me gustas pero tengo miedo de fallar en el amor Con la forma en la q sexy me bailas Y lo rico q tus labios me besan A tu lado se me pasan las horas Lejos de ti no sales de mi cabeza yal Con la forma en la q sexy me bailas Y lo rico q tus labios me besan A tu lado se me pasan las horas Lejos de ti no sales de mi cabeza pai Oh oh oh oh oh You drive me creazy mama Oh oh oh oh oh Me gustas nena Oh oh oh oh oh You drive me creazy mama Oh oh oh oh oh Y no t lo puedo negar(Ayer la vi) Juan magan, Madrid (Con sus amigas, en una calle de Madrid) El cata, la republica Mr. Todo el mundo y esto es para todas las locas que viene por ahí Every single time that I see her I ser hanging out with her girls This girl she can dance up a fever Every night is like the end of the world Juan mete mano! Ayer la vi, bailando por ahí Con sus amigas en una calle de Madrid Tan linda, como el día en que la conocí Fueron los días mas felices para mi Ayer la vi, bailando por ahí Con sus amigas en una calle de Madrid Tan linda, como el día en que la conocí Fueron los días mas felices para mi Ya tu sabes que la música es un movimiento que lo conoce to' el mundo Millonarios no, Billonarios si, enhorabuena pero dame un segundo De Madrid a Miami al patio, Juan y el Cata de marcha No te preocupes y que esto lo disfrutes Lo dicen en overbooking, read and very looking Mami olvida y date de lao' con todos esos mala guitas oh Ira que tu eres finita, tu sabes lo que dicen de las finitas Uy las mas finitas son las mas putitas Ah si que ayer te vi por ahí Ayer la vi, bailando por ahí Con sus amigas en una calle de Madrid Tan linda, como el día en que la conocí Fueron los días mas felices para mi Ayer la vi, bailando por ahí Con sus amigas en una calle de Madrid Tan linda, como el día en que la conocí Fueron los días mas felices para mi Rin tin! Tire pa' Madrid vamos a liarla vamos a hacerlo ahí! Haciendo campaña para celebrar, Mujeres pa' ti, Mujeres pa' mi! Cuando de repente, te veo en la pista, bailando mi mambo tu linda sonrisa Aprieta DJ sube la bocina pa' que ella lo baile conmigo en la pista Bailando tu y yo, vamos a recordar, momentos Bacanos que nunca vamos a olvidar, momentos bacanos Que nunca vamos a olvidar Ayer la vi, bailando por ahí Con sus amigas en una calle de Madrid Tan linda, como el día en que la conocí Fueron los días mas felices para mi Ayer la vi, bailando por ahí Con sus amigas en una calle de Madrid Tan linda, como el día en que la conocí Fueron los días mas felices para mi Juan magan, Mr. Todo el mundo Every single time that I see her I ser hanging out with her girls This girl she can dance up a fever Every night is like the end of the worldNossa, nossa Assim você me mata Ai se eu te pego Ai ai se eu te pego Delícia, delícia Assim você me mata Ai se eu te pego Ai ai se eu te pego Sábado na balada A galera começou a dançar E passou a menina mais linda Tomei coragem e comecei a falar Nossa, nossa Assim você me mata Ai se eu te pego Ai ai se eu te pego Delícia, delícia Assim você me mata Ai se eu te pego Ai ai se eu te pego Sábado na balada A galera começou a dançar E passou a menina mais linda Tomei coragem e comecei a falar Nossa, nossa Assim você me mata Ai se eu te pego Ai ai se eu te pego Delícia, delícia Assim você me mata Ai se eu te pego Ai ai se eu te pego Nossa, nossa Assim você me mata Ai se eu te pego Ai ai se eu te pego Delícia, delícia Assim você me mata Ai se eu te pego Ai ai se eu te pegoHola mi niña se que vienes tomada Escuche tu llegada pero Tus reproches no entran en mi cama Se que no quieres que todo a terminado Que yo no he valorado que Solo con copas logras olvidarlo Somos como arena que no Se despega pues te sigo amando Quiero ser la copa que ayude a olvidarlo Cuando nos besamos cuando nos tocamos Todo es un relajo Pues no cabe duda que nos adoramos Solo que la fuerza de nuestras Cabezas nos tienen trastornados Sus emociones llenan mis emociones Porcentaje de amores Un amor confuso rompe las pasiones Con un encuentro se me borra el pasado Y confieso cegado Pero creo que hora De empezar amarnos Somos como arena que no Se despega pues te sigo amando Quiero ser la copa que ayude a olvidarlo Cuando nos besamos cuando nos tocamos Todo es un relajo Pues no cabe duda que nos adoramos Solo que la fuerza de nuestras Cabezas nos tienen trastornadosSolo somos tu y yo bailando asi Pidiendo mas y mas, calor Siendo que soy para ti Abrazame fuerte, dale, no me suelte Llego el tiempo de los dos Bebe pero que bien te ves De verdad tienes lo que me gusta a mi Acariciame, con los besos tuyos se lo que es vivir A ritmo y al movimiento Le ponemos sentimiento Viviendonos el momento Una y otra vez Tu eres cielo Yo soy fuego Vamos a ver quien se va a quemar Solo somos tu y yo bailando asi Pidiendo mas y mas, calor Siendo que soy para ti Abrazame fuerte, dale, no me suelte Llego el tiempo de los dos La temperatura sube fuera de control Cuando tu lo mueves te llama la rumba Deja que te lleve hoy por hoy al amor Todo el mundo le debe pero le saldamos bailando Seguimos dandole, ahi ahi Que nadie nos pare, ahi ahi Que lo sepa el mundo, ahi ahi Aqui minuto es una hora, y una hora es un segundo Tu eres cielo Yo soy fuego Vamos a ver quien se va a quemar Solo somos tu y yo bailando asi Pidiendo mas y mas, calor Siendo que soy para ti Abrazame fuerte, dale, no me suelte Llego el tiempo de los dos!!A traves de esta cancion,quiero decirte, como me siento!! Se que nada pasara, si mañana no me vez Y tengo que asimilar,que por este soñador ya no tienes interes. Nunca fui tu prioridad, ni tu centro de atencion Y tengo que asimilar, que si estube ya no estoy dentro de tu corazon. (Coro) Me are pasar por un hombre normal Que pueda estar sin ti, que no se siente mal Y voy a sonreír, para que pase desapercibida mi tristeza Con madurez te voy retirar Y por primera vez, prometo no llorar Y voy a sonreir, para que pase desapercibida mi tristeza. Que le dijo a la ciudad, por tu desaparicion Como puedo asimilar,que si estube ya no estoy dentro de tu corazon. (Coro) Me are pasar por un hombre normal Que pueda estar sin ti, que no se siente mal Y voy a sonreír, para que pase desapercibida mi tristeza Con madurez te voy retirar Y por primera vez prometo no llorar Y voy a sonreir, para que pase desapercibida mi tristeza. (Hablado) !!A traves de esta cancion, solo queria que supieras como me siento,pero solo eso,solo eso!! !!!HaahaHAhahaahahaa!!!!Royce Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Tu sonrisa Tu carita Tu forma de ser Precio no tiene Y es amor Yo lo se Nada vale mas que un beso fiel Y son las cosas pequeñas Un te quiero Un te amo (un te amo) Y son las cosas pequeñas Un abrazo Un te extraño (un te extraño) Y la forma de tu mirar Es lo que me enseña a como amar Y la forma de tu expresar Es lo que supera lo material Por tu amor puedo respirar, aquí quiero estar Un recuerdo, para siempre Un beso en la frente Es lo mas importante Y es amor Yo lo se Nada podrá igualar tu sencillas Y son las cosas pequeñas Un te quiero Un te amo (un te amo) Y son las cosas pequeñas Un abrazo Un te extraño (un te extraño) Y la forma de tu mirar Es lo que me enseña a como amar Y la forma de tu expresar Es lo que supera lo material Por tu amor puedo respirar, aquí quiero estar Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Ladies Come on, you already know Royce Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Y son las cosas pequeñas Un te quiero Un te amo (un te amo) Y son las cosas pequeñas Un abrazo Un te extraño (un te extraño) Y son las cosas pequeñas Un te quiero Un te amo (un te amo) Y son las cosas pequeñas Un abrazo Un te extraño (un te extraño) Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Na na na na na na na Por favor puedo respirar Aquí quiero estar",

"Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reír, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la la Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reír, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la la A veces llega la lluvia para limpiar las heridas a veces solo una gota puede vencer la sequía Y para que llorar, pa’ qué si duele una pena, se olvida y para qué sufrir, pa’ qué si así es la vida, hay que vivirla la la le Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reí, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la la Voy a vivir el momento para entender el destino voy a escuchar el silencio para encontrar el camino Y para que llorar, pa’ qué si duele una pena, se olvida y para qué sufrir, pa’ qué si duele una pena, se olvida la la le Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reí, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la la Voy a reír, voy a bailar pa´qué llorar, pa’ que sufrir empieza a soñar, a reír voy a reír, voy a bailar siente y baila y goza que la vida es una sola voy a reír, voy a bailar vive, sigue siempre pa’lante no mires pa’ tras mi gente la vida es una Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reí, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la laYou know... Masivo! We run the world! Vamos cogele, ritmo, cintura, rodillas al piso Baja y pasa el limbo Vamos cogele, ritmo, cintura, rodillas al piso Baja y pasa el limbo Esto esta como, como pa, como pa', como pa' rumbiar Pa' pasarla caliente, con toda mi gente Nos favorece el sol, un bronceado y el calor No puede estar mejor! Zu-zu-zumba! Esto esta como, como pa, como pa', como pa' rumbiar Pa' bailarlo caliente, de espalda y de frente Nos favorece el sol, un bronceado y el calor No puede estar mejor! Zu-zu-zumba! Subela y bajala y por debajo pasala Suelta la cadera y mueve todo lo que tienes ahí Sigue, siguelo así que el party no tiene fin Activao, brinca la casa candela gasta las suelas Funde esa tela, si que me paso que? Suena, la rumba es buena que hay muchas nenas Mira la escena que Oh eh oh! Mano arriba no la dejes caer Oh eh oh! Seguimos hasta el amanecer Vamos cogele, ritmo, cintura, rodillas al piso Baja y pasa el limbo Vamos cogele, ritmo, cintura, rodillas al piso Baja y pasa el limbo Y Esto esta como, como pa, como pa', como pa' rumbiar Pa' pasarla caliente, con toda mi gente Nos favorece el sol, un bronceado y el calor No puede estar mejor! Zu-zu-zumba! Y Esto esta como, como pa, como pa', como pa' rumbiar Pa' bailarlo caliente, de espalda y de frente Nos favorece el sol, un bronceado y el calor No puede estar mejor! Zu-zu-zumba! Bailando así es que me gusta, como la cintura al ritmo se ajusta Que me tiene loco toda esta soltura Su movimiento es una dulzura No importa las bameras, se forma el sal pa' fuera Aquí cabe todo el que quiera No lo pare ahora.. Dime oh eh oh! Mano arriba no la dejes caer Oh eh oh! Seguimos hasta el amanecer Vine llegando de Aruba, gozando la temperatura Yo te vi bailando limbo Me barriste puesto en la esquina Dj par de bocina Si todos llegaran por el ritmo Esto esta como, como pa, como pa', como pa' rumbiar Pa' pasarla caliente, con toda mi gente Nos favorece el sol, un bronceado y el calor No puede estar mejor! Zu-zu-zumba! Esto esta como, como pa, como pa', como pa' rumbiar Pa' bailarlo caliente, de espalda y de frente Nos favorece el sol, un bronceado y el calor No puede estar mejor! Zu-zu-zumba! Ma-Ma Masivo! Ma-Ma Masivo! Ma-Ma Masivo! D-D-Daddy Yankee yo! Ma-Ma Masivo! Ma-Ma Masivo! Ma-Ma Masivo! Daddy Yankee yo yo yo yo yo!Amarte como te amo es complicado Pensar como te pienso es un pecado Mirar como te miro está prohibido Tocarte como quiero es un delito Ya no sé qué hacer Para que estés bien Si apagar el sol para encender tu amanecer Falar en portugués Aprender a hablar francés O bajar la luna hasta tus pies Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Y regalarte mis mañanas Cantar para calmar tus miedos Quiero que no te falte nada Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Llenarte con mi amor el alma Llevarte a conocer el cielo Quiero que no te falte nada Yeah Si el mundo fuera mío te lo daría Hasta mi religión la cambiaría Por ti hay tantas cosas que yo haría Pero tú no me das ni las noticias Y ya no sé qué hacer Para que estés bien Si apagar el sol Para encender tu amanecer Falar en portugués Aprender a hablar francés O bajar la luna hasta tus pies Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Y regalarte mis mañanas Cantar para calmar tus miedos Quiero que no te falte nada Royce Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Llenarte con mi amor el alma Sólo quiero darte un beso Quiero que no te falte nada Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Llevarte a conocer el cielo Sólo quiero darte un beso Quiero que no te falte nada Yo sólo quiero Eh eh eh Yo sólo quiero darte Quiero que no te falte nadaPa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento, con movimiento Veo que la manera en que mueves tu cuerpo tan violento De la forma en que bailas y le pones sentimiento A ese cuerpo que me tiene loco Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Voy bajando, lo estas sintiendo Voy subiendo con mas movimiento Voy bajando, lo estas sintiendo Voy subiendo con mas movimiento Todo el mundo con las manos arriba Dándole al movimiento de cintura No te canses, ponle ritmo de la vida Zumba nena menea sin censura Ponle sabor al movimiento de cadera Suba mami y pegate arriba Samba pa' que baile la rumba Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento No sé lo que esta pasando pero esto se está prendiendo La música está sonando y los cuerpos sacudiendo No sé lo que esta pasando pero esto se esta prendiendo La temperatura sube zumba zumba sube sube Voy bajando, lo estas sintiendo Voy subiendo con mas movimiento Voy bajando, lo estas sintiendo Voy subiendo con mas movimiento Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Todo el mundo con las manos arriba Dándole al movimiento de cintura No te canses, ponle ritmo a la vida Zumba nena menea sin censura Ponle sabor al movimiento de cadera Suba mami y pegate arriba Samba pa' que baile la rumba Voy bajando, lo estas sintiendo Voy subiendo con mas movimiento Voy bajando, lo estas sintiendo Voy subiendo con mas movimiento Veo que la manera que mueves tu cuerpo tan violento De la forma en que bailas y le pones sentimiento A ese cuerpo que me tiene loco Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimiento Pa' este baile no hay salida, que corra el tiempo Pégate y zumba conmigo con movimientoHola... me llaman Romeo Es un placer conocerla Que bien te ves Te adelanto, no me importa quién sea él Dígame usted Si ha hecho algo travieso alguna vez Una aventura es más divertida Si huele a peligro Y si te invito a una copa Y me acerco a tu boca Si te robo un besito Al ver que no vas conmigo ¿Qué dirías si esta noche Te seduzco en mi coche? Que se empañen los vidrios si la regla es que goces Si te falto el respeto y luego culpo al alcohol Si levanto tu falda ¿Me darías el derecho A medir tu sensatez? Poner en juego tu cuerpo Si te parece prudente Esta propuesta indecente A ver, a ver Permíteme apreciar tu desnudez (Take it off) Relájate Que este Martini calmará tu timidez Una aventura es más divertida Si huele a peligro Y si te invito a una copa Y me acerco a tu boca Si te robo un besito Al ver que no vas conmigo ¿Qué dirías si esta noche Te seduzco en mi coche? Que se empañen los vidrios Si la regla es que goces Si te falto el respeto y luego culpo al alcohol Si levanto tu falda ¿Me darías el derecho A medir tu sensatez? Poner en juego tu cuerpo Si te parece prudente Esta propuesta indecente I'm back It feels good to be king Hey Listen I know what you like How about you and I Me and you Bailamos bachata Y luego You and I Me and you Terminamos en la cama (Que rico) How about you and I Me and you Bailamos bachata (Ay bailamos bachata) Y luego You and I Me and you Terminamos en la cama (Terminamos en la cama) How about it you and I (You and I) Me and you (Me and you) You and I (You and I) Me and you (You) You and I (You and I) Me and you (I'm a bad boy) Me and you (You) (Ay chi chi Llora guitarra Llora)WY Records presenta Chris Brown, T-Pain, W y Yandel. Hay algo que me gusta de ti Y ese algo me encanta Siento que eres necesaria para mí... Me vuelve loco tu pelo, tu boca, tu piel, Tu cintura dura dura ehh. Me vuelve loco tu pelo, tu boca, tu piel, Tu cintura dura dura ehh. Seguimos acercándonos, tú y yo uoh Sintiéndonos, besándonos. Seguimos acercándonos, tú y yo uoh Sin que nadie nos vea Disfrutándonos... Multi-Million Records. [Chris Brown] I-I-I-I've been looking for a beautiful while now, Oh and I, I just can't get you out of my mind. So mama just hold my hand and move your body, I'm your man, I need your body. Can I take you down? Can I take you down? And you can be the love of my life... Seguimos acercándonos, tú y yo uoh Sintiéndonos, besándonos. Seguimos acercándonos, tú y yo uoh Sin que nadie nos vea Disfrutándonos... [T-Pain] Man, I gotta get to her, She's the only one I want up in my crib... Ohh in my crib. Cos I think I fit with her, And I don't think she knows how beautiful she is... Ohh she is. And when the moon comes up and the mood it feels right, we go... And what we do between us, we do it all night, And she knows... (Yeaaah) Hay algo que me gusta de ti Y ese algo me encanta Siento que eres necesaria para mí... Me vuelve loco tu pelo, tu boca, tu piel, Tu cintura dura dura ehh. Me vuelve loco tu pelo, tu boca, tu piel, Tu cintura dura dura ehh. Seguimos acercándonos, tú y yo uoh Sintiéndonos, besándonos. Seguimos acercándonos, tú y yo uoh Sin que nadie nos vea Disfrutándonos... W y Yandel en conexión con T-Pain, Chris Brown Legendarios, WY Records Chris Jeday, O'Neill Desde la base del Químico, Hyde! Multi-Million Records.Hey escucha las palabras de Romeo No se si has cambiado de opinión y no te vas Si tu vuelo de las 3 cancelarás como mi invento arte de Magia como logro que me ames mucho más Se que tal vez no lo digas pero me ves un llorón Ese maldito viaje ya se confirmó Solo recuerda si me dejas no se vale Te sugiero por favor Llévame contigo, que no aguanto la aflicción Llévame contigo, no seas malita y no no, Llévame contigo, y si te vas de vacación Llévame contigo, aunque sea de chaperón Llévame contigo o habrá desolación Llévame contigo, ponle fin a mi temor Donde se fue tu amor para buscarlo rápido! Come on The king happy Para tí hasta siempre te amaré fue un refrán Y el matrimonio un papel que romperás Si es que acaso queda un poco de cariñito Regálame tu amistad Please llévame contigo que no aguanto la aflicción Llévame contigo, que no aguanto la aflicción Llévame contigo, no seas malita y no no, Llévame contigo, y si te vas de vacación Llévame contigo, aunque sea de chaperón Llévame contigo o habrá desolación Llévame contigo, ponle fin a mi temor Donde se fue tu amor para buscarlo rápido! (Llora guitarra llora) Dale mami Take me with you tomorrow Take me and I wont bother Take me with you tomorrow Take me and I wont bother Take me take me take me with you Tomorrow, Tomorrow, tomorrow Tomorrow, Tomorrow, tomorrowYo me le acerque fijo la mire Le ofreci un trago al oido le dije Que si estaba soltera o estaba casada Ella me dijo tranqui que nada pasaba Yo me le acerque Fijo la mire Y entre un par de copas una nota loca Ella me dijo tranqui que nada pasaba Para mi es un placer conocerte Dime tu nombre que algo quiero proponerte Relax que lo unico que quiero es hablar Conoceme primero que no te arrepentiras Deja que la maldad nos domine Que el deseo haga que conmigo termines Si te sientes sola ya no te valora Escapate conmigo y olvidate de las horas mama Y hoy voy hacerte olvidar El pelo te soltare Hare una historia con tu cuerpo Que en tu mente plasmare (x2) Yo me le acerque fijo la mire Le ofreci un trago al oido le dije Que si estaba soltera o estaba casada Ella me dijo tranqui que nada pasaba Yo me le acerque Fijo la mire Y entre un par de copas una nota loca Ella me dijo tranqui que nada pasaba Ya estamos en el fest con las copas El calor la presion nos arropa La curiosidad y la intensidad Hicieron que tu y yo nos fueramos al mas aya En cuestion de segundos Yo me adueñare de tu mundo Te enseñare el camino Voy a cambiar tu destino Y hoy voy hacerte olvidar El pelo te soltare Hare una historia con tu cuerpo Que en tu mente plasmare (x2) Yo me le acerque fijo la mire Le ofreci un trago al oido le dije Que si estaba soltera o estaba casada Ella me dijo tranqui que nada pasaba Yo me le acerque Fijo la mire Y entre un par de copas una nota loca Ella me dijo tranqui que nada pasaba En cuestion de segundos Yo me adueñare de tu mundo Te enseñare el camino Voy a cambiar tu destino Ey ! solo hace falta una mirada Un par de palabras Para que lo nuestro pueda pasar Se que hay muchas princesitas Pasando por esto entonces vienen Personas que se aprovechan de la situacion Y hace que suceda ja... jalvarezmusic.com Otro nivel de musica Montana The Producer Perreke Nelflow Papi nosotros somos el equipo mas fuerte Del genero por eso que viajo a cada rato Y ya casi estamos viviendo en un avion Jalvarez.com on top of the world music Flow music ok ! Para mi un placer conocerte ja... Nos veremos un dia por ahi Cuando quieras desquitar me llamas ta bien[Enrique Iglesias:] Te pido de rodillas Luna no te vayas Alúmbrale la noche A ese corazón Desiusionado A veces mal tratado [Romeo Santos:] No te perdonaré Si me dejas solo Con los sentimientos Que pasan como el viento Y lo revuelven todo Y me vuelven loco [Enrique Iglesias:] Loco Por besar tus labios Sin que quede nada por dentro de mi Diciéndotelo todo [Romeo Santos:] Y yo No te perdonaré Si me dejas por dentro con ese dolor No te perdonaré Si me vuelves loco Si me vuelves loco [Enrique Iglesias:] Te pido de rodillas Una y mil perdones Que al llegar la aurora No me digas adiós No dejes ir el llanto De tantas canciones De una luna rota Con una guitarra Por tantas promesas Que se van volando Que me vuelven loco Ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay Loco Por besar tus labios Sin que quede nada por dentro de mi Diciéndotelo todo [Romeo Santos:] Y yo No te perdonaré Si me dejas por dentro con ese dolor No te perdonaré Si me vuelves loco [Enrique Iglesias:] One love, one love Loco Por besar tus labios Sin que quede nada por dentro de mi Diciéndotelo todo [Romeo Santos:] Y yo No te perdonaré Si me dejas por dentro con ese dolor No te perdonaré Si me vuelves loco [Enrique Iglesias:] Te pido de rodillas Luna no te vayasDile que me extrañas Que te equivocaste Que estabas molesta Y por inmadura fue que lo aceptaste Seremos discretos No tendrás problemas Nadie va a entrarse Te doy mi palabra, mi niña no temas Se que te comes la uñas Y le das mil vueltas No es lo que esperabas Porque no me cuentas Que es un mentiroso Que ta ha confundido Que solo al principio era divertido Y ya ven a mis brazos que si esta dormido No escuchara el ruido que harán tus zapatos En tan pocos días no puedes amarlo Regresa conmigo, tienes que intentarlo Agarra tus cosas, déjale un escrito En donde le digas no te necesito Y ya ven a mis brazos que estaré contento Cuando escuche el ruido que harán tus zapatos Ven a recostarte Amor en mi pecho No lo justifiques Ni lo consideres Porque el no lo ha hecho Se que te comes la uñas Y le das mil vueltas No es lo que esperabas Porque no me cuentas Que es un mentiroso Que ta ha confundido Que solo al principio era divertido Y ya ven a mis brazos que si esta dormido No escuchara el ruido que harán tus zapatos En tan pocos días no puedes amarlo Regresa conmigo, tienes que intentarlo Agarra tus cosas, déjale un escrito En donde le digas no te necesito Y ya ven a mis brazos que estaré contento Cuando escuche el ruido que harán tus zapatos",

"Enrique Iglesias One love, one love Descemer Yo te miro y se me corta la respiración Cuando tú me miras se me sube el corazón (Me palpita lento el corazón) Y en un silencio tu mirada dice mil palabras La noche en la que te suplico que no salga el sol Bailando (bailando), bailando (bailando) Tu cuerpo y el mío llenando el vacío Subiendo y bajando (subiendo y bajando) Bailando (bailando), bailando (bailando) Ese fuego por dentro me está enloqueciendo Me va saturando Con tu física y tu química También tu anatomía La cerveza y la tequila Y tu boca con la mía Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Con esta melodía Tu color tu fantasía Con tu filosofía Mi cabeza esta vacía Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Yo quiero estar contigo Vivir contigo Bailar contigo Tener contigo Una noche loca (una noche loca) Ay besar tu boca (y besar tu boca) Yo quiero estar contigo Vivir contigo Bailar contigo Tener contigo Una noche loca Con tremenda nota Tu me miras y me llevas a otra dimensión (estoy en otra dimensión) Tus latidos aceleran a mi corazón (Tus latidos aceleran a mi corazón) Que ironía del destino no poder tocarte Abrazarte, y sentir la magia de tu olor Bailando (bailando), bailando (bailando) Tu cuerpo y el mío llenando el vacío Subiendo y bajando (subiendo y bajando) Bailando (bailando), bailando (bailando) Ese fuego por dentro me va enloqueciendo Me va saturando Con tu física y tu química También tu anatomía La cerveza y la tequila Y tu boca con la mía Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Con esta melodía Tu color tu fantasía Con tu filosofía Mi cabeza esta vacía Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Yo quiero estar contigo Vivir contigo Bailar contigo Tener contigo Una noche loca (una noche loca) Ay besar tu boca (y besar tu boca) Yo quiero estar contigo Vivir contigo Bailar contigo Tener contigo Una noche loca Con tremenda nota Bailando amor Bailando amor Es que se me va el dolorHola... me llaman Romeo Es un placer conocerla Que bien te ves Te adelanto, no me importa quién sea él Dígame usted Si ha hecho algo travieso alguna vez Una aventura es más divertida Si huele a peligro Y si te invito a una copa Y me acerco a tu boca Si te robo un besito Al ver que no vas conmigo ¿Qué dirías si esta noche Te seduzco en mi coche? Que se empañen los vidrios si la regla es que goces Si te falto el respeto y luego culpo al alcohol Si levanto tu falda ¿Me darías el derecho A medir tu sensatez? Poner en juego tu cuerpo Si te parece prudente Esta propuesta indecente A ver, a ver Permíteme apreciar tu desnudez (Take it off) Relájate Que este Martini calmará tu timidez Una aventura es más divertida Si huele a peligro Y si te invito a una copa Y me acerco a tu boca Si te robo un besito Al ver que no vas conmigo ¿Qué dirías si esta noche Te seduzco en mi coche? Que se empañen los vidrios Si la regla es que goces Si te falto el respeto y luego culpo al alcohol Si levanto tu falda ¿Me darías el derecho A medir tu sensatez? Poner en juego tu cuerpo Si te parece prudente Esta propuesta indecente I'm back It feels good to be king Hey Listen I know what you like How about you and I Me and you Bailamos bachata Y luego You and I Me and you Terminamos en la cama (Que rico) How about you and I Me and you Bailamos bachata (Ay bailamos bachata) Y luego You and I Me and you Terminamos en la cama (Terminamos en la cama) How about it you and I (You and I) Me and you (Me and you) You and I (You and I) Me and you (You) You and I (You and I) Me and you (I'm a bad boy) Me and you (You) (Ay chi chi Llora guitarra Llora)Envy is a sign of admiration Hate, it’s the epitome of destruction Tal perece que mi amor crece y crece Pero tú desvaneces y me ofreces tu amistad sin otra excepción Se que hay otro hombre que ha logrado lo que yo jamás a tí te dí Un hogar, una familia, un buen porvenir Perdón por hacerte daño Y por tí, vivo aniquilado en el despecho Reprimido ardiendo por los celos Lo odio aunque él te haga feliz A mi, nada me intimida pero entiendo Que el gano la guerra hace tiempo Y se me olvida que ya te perdí Celos sus besos sobre tu cuerpo La envidia se apodera así de mí Y te quiero aquí Odio ese hombre porque está a tu lado Perdí tu amor, soy un pobre diablo Sin tu amor yo no soy nada Nada Y por tí, vivo aniquilado en el despecho Reprimido ardiendo por los celos Lo odio aunque él te haga feliz A mi, nada me intimida pero entiendo Que el gano la guerra hace tiempo Y se me olvida que ya te perdí Escucha las palabras (Yeah, Drizzy Drake) Yo fui el llanto El es tu sonrisa (Turn the lights on) Y lo nuestro desplomó sobre un volcán, muy de prisa You were the one, you’ve been the one from the moment I seen you Sometimes I questioned if this is all real then I grab on that ass and I firmly believe it And you look like you drawn by an artist No you, you like Bernice & Yaris but both put together Those are some girls that I know from back home, if you see ‘em you’ll get it, look don’t worry about it Keep speaking Spanish, I’ll get it translated You know you my baby Anything for you, anything baby I do not wanna be enemies baby I would just much rather give you a baby and buy you a house so I live with you baby Don’t stay with this new guy, I really go crazy I really go crazy Y por tí, vivo aniquilado en el despecho Reprimido ardiendo por los celos Lo odio aunque él te haga feliz A mi, nada me intimida pero entiendo Que el gano la guerra hace tiempo Y se me olvida que ya te perdí[Enrique Iglesias:] Que más quieres de mí Si he pasado esta prueba de tu amor Y no tengo el valor De escapar para siempre del dolor Demasiado pedir Que sigamos en esta hipocresía Cuanto tiempo más podré vivir En la misma mentira No, no vayas presumiendo no Que me has robado el corazón Y no me queda nada más Si, prefiero ser el perdedor Que te lo ha dado todo Y no le queda nada más No me queda nada más [Marco Antonio Solís:] Ya no puedo seguir Resistiendo esa extraña sensación Que me hiela la piel Como invierno fuera de estación Tu mirada y la mía Ignorándose en una lejanía Todo pierde el sentido Y es mejor el vacío que el olvido [Both:] Yo prefiero dejarte partir Que ser tu prisionero Y no vayas por ahí diciendo ser La dueña de mis sentimientos [Enrique Iglesias:] No… no vayas presumiendo no Que me has robado el corazón Y no me queda nada más [Marco Antonio Solís:] Si… Prefiero ser el perdedor Que te lo ha dado todo Y no le queda nada más [Both:] No… no vayas presumiendo no Que me has robado el corazón Y no me queda nada más Si… Prefiero ser el perdedor Que te lo ha dado todo Y no le queda nada más Que más quieres de mí Si he pasado esa prueba de tu amorYa me han informado que tu novio es un insípido aburrido Tú que eres fogata y el tan frío Dice tu amiguita que es celoso no quiere que sea tu amigo Sospecha que soy un pirata y robaré su loro No te asombres Si una noche Entro a tu cuarto y nuevamente te hago mía Bien conoces Mis errores El egoísmo de ser dueño de tu vida Eres mía (mía mía) No te hagas la loca eso muy bien ya lo sabias Si tu te casas El día de tu boda Le digo a tu esposo con risas Que solo es prestada La mujer que ama Porque sigues siendo mía You won't forget Romeo Gostoso Dicen que un clavo saca un clavo pero eso es solo rima No existe una herramienta que saque mi amor No te asombres Si una noche Entro a tu cuarto y nuevamente te hago mía Bien conoces Mis errores El egoísmo de ser dueño de tu vida Eres mía (mía mía) No te hagas la loca eso muy bien ya lo sabias Si tu te casas El día de tu boda Le digo a tu esposo con risas Que solo es prestada La mujer que ama Porque sigues siendo mía (mía mía mía) Te deseo lo mejor Y el mejor soy yo The King You know you heart is mine And you love me forever You know you heart is mine And you love me forever Baby Your heart is mine And you love me forever Baby your heart is mine And you love me forever No te asombres Si una noche Entro a tu cuarto y nuevamente te hago mía Bien conoces Mis errores El egoísmo de ser dueño de tu vida Eres mía (mía mía mía) No te hagas la loca eso muy bien ya lo sabias Si tu te casas El día de tu boda Le digo a tu esposo con risas Que solo es prestada La mujer que ama Porque sigues siendo míaAmarte como te amo es complicado Pensar como te pienso es un pecado Mirar como te miro está prohibido Tocarte como quiero es un delito Ya no sé qué hacer Para que estés bien Si apagar el sol para encender tu amanecer Falar en portugués Aprender a hablar francés O bajar la luna hasta tus pies Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Y regalarte mis mañanas Cantar para calmar tus miedos Quiero que no te falte nada Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Llenarte con mi amor el alma Llevarte a conocer el cielo Quiero que no te falte nada Yeah Si el mundo fuera mío te lo daría Hasta mi religión la cambiaría Por ti hay tantas cosas que yo haría Pero tú no me das ni las noticias Y ya no sé qué hacer Para que estés bien Si apagar el sol Para encender tu amanecer Falar en portugués Aprender a hablar francés O bajar la luna hasta tus pies Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Y regalarte mis mañanas Cantar para calmar tus miedos Quiero que no te falte nada Royce Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Llenarte con mi amor el alma Sólo quiero darte un beso Quiero que no te falte nada Yo sólo quiero darte un beso Llevarte a conocer el cielo Sólo quiero darte un beso Quiero que no te falte nada Yo sólo quiero Eh eh eh Yo sólo quiero darte Quiero que no te falte nadaYa esta amaneciendo, el sol saliendo Yo amanezco a lado tuyo, bebe Y aun no recuerdo lo que sucedió ayer Quisiera saber cuál es tu nombre, mujer Pero que clase de rumba pa pa pa La que yo cogí anoche que que que No recuerdo lo que sucedió Pero que clase de rumba pa pa pa La que yo cogí anoche que que que No recuerdo lo que sucedió Pero que hora son, qué fue lo que paso Por qué Farru tiene el carro aparcado en la habitación Yo no recuerdo, solo se que amaneció Y que tenia un tatuaje que decía ‘Peace & Love’ Pero que confusión, creo que cometí un error Y mezcle los tragos y una pastillitas de color Que sentimiento creo que tenia un medicamento De esos que te noquean duro contra el pavimento Ya son las 6 de la mañana Y todavía no recuerdo nada Ni siquiera conozco tu cara Pero amaneciste aquí en mi cama Ya son las 6 de la mañana Y todavía no recuerdo nada Ni siquiera conozco tu cara Pero amaneciste aquí en mi cama Pero que clase de rumba pa pa pa La que yo cogí anoche que que que No recuerdo lo que sucedió Pero que clase de rumba pa pa pa La que yo cogí anoche que que que No recuerdo lo que sucedió Y ya no me acuerdo de nada, no tengo nada en la mente Solo que estaba tomando mucho ron con aguardiente Rumbiando en la disco estaba prendido el ambiente Ese es mi único recuerdo hasta donde estuve consciente Se acababa la botella y de camino ya venia J Balvin me estaba hablando y no sabia lo que decía Creo que nos presentaron, aun no lo se todavía Que no recuerdo tu nombre mala suerte la mía Ya son las 6 de la mañana Y todavía no recuerdo nada Ni siquiera conozco tu cara Pero amaneciste aquí en mi cama Ya son las 6 de la mañana Y todavía no recuerdo nada Ni siquiera conozco tu cara Pero amaneciste aquí en mi cama Ya esta amaneciendo, el sol saliendo Yo amanezco a lado tuyo, bebe Y aun no recuerdo lo que sucedió ayer Quisiera saber cuál es tu nombre, mujer Pero que clase de rumba pa pa pa La que yo cogí anoche que que que No recuerdo lo que sucedió Pero que clase de rumba pa pa pa La que yo cogí anoche que que que No recuerdo lo que sucedióVoy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reír, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la la Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reír, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la la A veces llega la lluvia para limpiar las heridas a veces solo una gota puede vencer la sequía Y para que llorar, pa’ qué si duele una pena, se olvida y para qué sufrir, pa’ qué si así es la vida, hay que vivirla la la le Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reí, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la la Voy a vivir el momento para entender el destino voy a escuchar el silencio para encontrar el camino Y para que llorar, pa’ qué si duele una pena, se olvida y para qué sufrir, pa’ qué si duele una pena, se olvida la la le Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reí, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la la Voy a reír, voy a bailar pa´qué llorar, pa’ que sufrir empieza a soñar, a reír voy a reír, voy a bailar siente y baila y goza que la vida es una sola voy a reír, voy a bailar vive, sigue siempre pa’lante no mires pa’ tras mi gente la vida es una Voy a reír, voy a bailar vivir mi vida la la la la voy a reí, voy a gozar vivir mi vida la la la laLet's go Doble U! Baby we can work it but you keep playing harder When you were Downtown, you know how to move! You like to play me, and tease me with your lips Es puro sexo all the thing that you do Because your body is pure adrenaline And I'm so high on you baby I'm on the edge, I'm falling apart Because your body is pure adrenaline And I'm so high on you baby I'm on the edge, I'm falling apart Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Okay Hay una sensación rara en tu cuerpo Sientes que pierdes el control Jennifer Lopez Duro! Escucha baby Si solo supieras Que tienes algo que me hace vibrar Tus movimientos a mi me aceleraz Cuando empezamos no puedo parar Tú te apoderas de mis sentidos cuando me miras Cuando me tocas yo comienzo a temblar Un beso tuyo es como mi medicina Llévame al cielo a volar Si tú te fueras yo no sé lo que haría Lo que empezamos tenemos que terminar Volvamos a hacer el amor como aquel día Llévame al cielo a volar Because your body is pure adrenaline And I'm so high on you baby I'm on the edge, I'm falling apart Because your body is pure adrenaline And I'm so high on you baby I'm on the edge, I'm falling apart Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Dame un minuto Contigo disfruto Se vuelve y me deja bruto Si me das la verde, ejecuto Si tú eres la jefa, me recluto Deja que ocurra Caliente que el tiempo transcurra El ambiente la pone ardiente Se pega y en el oído me susurra Abusa y me engatusa La falda más cara Combina con la blusa Se mete en mi mente como una intrusa Yo le pido que lo haga y no se rehúsa Dame más Yo te llevo en la nave si tú te vas Y quizás Me digas que quieres más, más Yo quiero saber lo que tu das Tú te apoderas de mis sentidos cuando me miras Cuando me tocas yo comienzo a temblar Un beso tuyo es como mi medicina Llévame al cielo a volar Si tú te fueras yo no sé lo que haría Lo que empezamos tenemos que terminar Volvamos a hacer el amor como aquel día Llévame al cielo a volar (Okay se prendió la casa) Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su Sube la adrenalina, su",

"lay Music ‘El Perdón’ Dime si es verdad Me dijeron que te estas casando Tú no sabes como estoy sufriendo Esto te lo tengo que decir Cuéntame Tu despedida para mi fue dura Será que él te llevo a la luna Y yo no supe hacerlo así Te estaba buscando Por las calles gritando Eso me está matando oh no Te estaba buscando Por las calles gritando Como un loco tomando oh... Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Esto no me gusta Esto no me gusta Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Eso no me gusta Eso no me gusta Vivir si ti, no aguanto más Por eso vengo a decirte lo que siento Estoy sufriendo en esta soledad Y aunque tu padre no aprobó esta relación Yo sigo insistiendo a pedir perdón Lo único que importa está en tu corazón Te estaba buscando Por las calles gritando Esto me está matando oh no Te estaba buscando Por las calles gritando Como un loco tomando oh... Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Esto no me gusta Esto no me gusta Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Eso no me gusta Eso no me gusta Yo te juré a ti eterno amor Y ahora otro te da calor Cuando en las noches tienes frío oh oh Yo sé que él te parece mejor Pero yo estoy en tu corazón Y por eso pido perdón Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Esto no me gusta oh no Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Esto no me gusta oh yeah... (Tú sin mí) Dicen que uno no sabe lo que tiene Hasta que lo pierde pero... (Yo sin ti) Vale la pena luchar por lo que uno quiere (No puedo vivir así) Y hacer el intento (No quiero vivir así) N.I.C.K Nicky Nicky Nick Jam (No quiero que me dejes por favor) Saga White Black (Y te pido perdón) La Industria Inc.Hola... me llaman Romeo Es un placer conocerla Que bien te ves Te adelanto, no me importa quién sea él Dígame usted Si ha hecho algo travieso alguna vez Una aventura es más divertida Si huele a peligro Y si te invito a una copa Y me acerco a tu boca Si te robo un besito Al ver que no vas conmigo ¿Qué dirías si esta noche Te seduzco en mi coche? Que se empañen los vidrios si la regla es que goces Si te falto el respeto y luego culpo al alcohol Si levanto tu falda ¿Me darías el derecho A medir tu sensatez? Poner en juego tu cuerpo Si te parece prudente Esta propuesta indecente A ver, a ver Permíteme apreciar tu desnudez (Take it off) Relájate Que este Martini calmará tu timidez Una aventura es más divertida Si huele a peligro Y si te invito a una copa Y me acerco a tu boca Si te robo un besito Al ver que no vas conmigo ¿Qué dirías si esta noche Te seduzco en mi coche? Que se empañen los vidrios Si la regla es que goces Si te falto el respeto y luego culpo al alcohol Si levanto tu falda ¿Me darías el derecho A medir tu sensatez? Poner en juego tu cuerpo Si te parece prudente Esta propuesta indecente I'm back It feels good to be king Hey Listen I know what you like How about you and I Me and you Bailamos bachata Y luego You and I Me and you Terminamos en la cama (Que rico) How about you and I Me and you Bailamos bachata (Ay bailamos bachata) Y luego You and I Me and you Terminamos en la cama (Terminamos en la cama) How about it you and I (You and I) Me and you (Me and you) You and I (You and I) Me and you (You) You and I (You and I) Me and you (I'm a bad boy) Me and you (You) (Ay chi chi Llora guitarra Llora)Dile al tiempo que perdone a los años Que demoren que los meses tengan 30 días de más Necesito otro siglo una píldora de olvido Algo útil que me ayude a borrar Sin ti, me he convertido en un bufón El payaso del salón Miento cuando digo odiarte Yo que privaba en vencedor Quien ganaba en el amor Y me diste jaque mate Yo le dije al corazón que te olvidara Rudamente me gritó que me callara Me confié de trapecista en un hilito Y resbalé por la arrogancia yo lo admito Y ordene a mi alma que borrará Que no te amará y se rió en mi cara Crónica de un amor renunciado Sin ti mi vida, no conduce a nada (Escucha las palabras) Come on Dile a un niño que no llore Al jardín que no de flores Que la luna salga junto con el sol Si se dan tus peticiones Ya no escribo mas canciones y te olvido Sin guardar rencor Aquí, soledad en mi habitación Tengo un cuadro sin color De Mona Lisa que dejaste Es la testigo del dolor Aunque es mi imaginación Veo la pena en su semblante Yo le dije al corazón que te olvidara Rudamente me gritó que me callara Me confié de trapecista en un hilito Y resbalé por la arrogancia yo lo admito Y ordene a mi alma que borrara Que no te amara y se rió en mi cara Crónica de un amor ya renunciado Sin ti mi vida, no conduce a nada Ay chi chi Que maldito sentimiento Ok No valore tu amor y me sentí Tarzán, (en un hilito) Y todos los hombres lloran hasta super-man I know babe, you know I do Ill never find your love I took you for granted and now I'm hanging from a row Tú te vas, y yo eh quedado solo Estoy en vela Ya no cierro los ojos Colgando en un hilito, sin tu amorSi necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Muévete a mi ritmo Siente el magnetismo Tu cadera con la mia (boom) Hacen un sismo Ahora da lo mismo El amor ahora es turismo Diciéndole que no al que viene con romanticismo Si te dan ganas de bailar pues dale En esta disco todos somos iguales Te ves bonita con tu swing salvaje Sigue bailando que pa eso te traje Si te dan ganas de bailar pues dale En esta disco todos somos iguales Te ves bonita con tu swing salvaje Sigue bailando que pa eso te traje Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Y yo hoy estoy aquí imaginando Sexy baila y me deja con las ganas Y yo hoy estoy aquí imaginándolo Sexy baila y me deja con las ganas Que bien te queda a ti esa faldita Ella es señora, no es señorita Sexy baila y me deja con las ganas Como te luces cuando lo meneas Cuanto quisiera hacerte el amor Enséñame lo que sabes Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Sky Rompiendo El Bajo Ginza Infinity Music Vamos a pegarnos como animales Dale Dale Bull Nene Feid Mosty Estamos roompiendo baby Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mani no pare InfinityMiami me lo confirmó Gente de Zona Puerto Rico me lo regaló Marc Anthony Dominicana ya repicó Yelelei Yelelei Ohh Y del caribe somos tú y yo Y se formó la gozadera, Miami me lo confirmó Y el arroz con habichuela, Puerto Rico me lo regaló Y la tambora merenguera, Dominicana ya repicó Con México, Colombia y Venezuela Y del caribe somos tú y yo Repicando La cosa esta bien dura, la cosa esta divina Perú con Hondura, Chile con Argentina Panamá trae la zandunga, Ecuador bilirrubina Y Uruguay con Paraguay, hermano con Costa Rica Bolivia viene llegando, Brasil ya esta en camino El mundo se esta sumando, a la gente de los latinos Y se formó la gozadera, Miami me lo confirmó Y el arroz con habichuela, Puerto Rico me lo regaló Y la tambora merenguera, Dominicana ya repicó Con México, Colombia y Venezuela Y del caribe somos tú y yo Y se formó la gozadera, Miami me lo confirmó Ay el arroz con habichuela, Puerto Rico me lo regaló Y la tambora merenguera, Dominicana ya repicó Con México, Colombia y Venezuela Y del caribe somos tú y yo Marc Anthony Vamos Guatemala, la fiesta te espera Llama a Nicaragua, El Salvador se cuela Yo canto desde Cuba y el mundo se entera Si tú eres Latino, saca tu bandera ¿Dónde? Y se formó la gozadera, Miami me lo confirmó Y el arroz con habichuela, Puerto Rico me lo regaló Y la tambora merenguera, Dominicana ya repicó Con México, Colombia y Venezuela Y del caribe somos tú y yo Y se formó la gozadera, Miami me lo confirmó Ay el arroz con habichuela, Puerto Rico me lo regaló (Boricua) Y la tambora merenguera, Dominicana ya repicó Con México, Colombia y Venezuela Y del caribe somos tú y yo Pa los parceros y las parceras, vamos ¿Qué la que hay papa? Ahora si, nadie nos baja de aquí Ponle ahí Gustoso y mira cómo gozo Yo te lo dije Gente de Zona Tú sabes Lo mejor que suena hoyEs fanática de lo sensual Ella tiene una foto mía Y ya me la puedo imaginar Lo que hace cuando esta sólita Pero yo le voy a preguntar Y a escuchar su voz cuando se agita Por su manera de respirar Puedo imaginarme lo que estas haciendo Si le hablo malo se pone intranquila Pasa su mano por todo su cuerpo Cuando le digo todo lo que le haría Puedo imaginarme lo que esta haciendo Y eso que solo es una foto mía Que pasara cuando nos encontremos De seguro que se lo explicaría Cada vez que hablamos me dice que quieres verme Loca por conocerme, solo piensa en ese día Ver mi fotografía es lo que le daña la mente Con el cuerpo que tiene, dime quien no le daría Llama de madrugada, tan caliente como siempre Me habla de una manera, que ni yo me atrevería Veremos lo que pasa cuando me tenga de frente Es que al igual que ella, también pienso en ese día Es fanática de lo sensual Ella tiene una foto mía Y ya me la puedo imaginar Lo que hace cuando esta sólita Pero yo le voy a preguntar Y a escuchar su voz cuando se agita Por su manera de respirar Puedo imaginarme lo que estas haciendo Si le hablo malo se pone intranquila Pasa su mano por todo su cuerpo Cuando le digo todo lo que le haría Puedo imaginarme lo que esta haciendo Y eso que solo es una foto mía Que pasara cuando nos encontremos De seguro que se lo explicaría Noto que le gusto cuando ella me llama Cuando me habla de travesuras en la cama Pone voz de deseo, hasta me echa fiero Que su fantasía, era cumplir la mía Poco a poco relata, lo que le pasa en su casa Debajo, de sus sabana escondida De como lo prefería, con pregunta insistía Hasta que en su juego me envolvía Es fanática de lo sensual Ella tiene una foto mía Y ya me la puedo imaginar Lo que hace cuando esta sólita Pero yo le voy a preguntar Y a escuchar su voz cuando se agita Por su manera de respirar Puedo imaginarme lo que estas haciendo Si le hablo malo se pone intranquila Pasa su mano por todo su cuerpo Cuando le digo todo lo que le haría Puedo imaginarme lo que esta haciendo Y eso que solo es un foto mía Que pasara cuando nos encontremos De seguro que se lo explicaría Es Chencho y Naldy, Plan B Plan B, Plan B En el Love and Sex Nononononooo En la pista Fino como el Haze Con el duo del sex Duran the Coach Pina Records Con Chencho y Naldy Plan B, Plan B Credits: Danielvenezuela musica.comEnrique Iglesias One love, one love Descemer Yo te miro y se me corta la respiración Cuando tú me miras se me sube el corazón (Me palpita lento el corazón) Y en un silencio tu mirada dice mil palabras La noche en la que te suplico que no salga el sol Bailando (bailando), bailando (bailando) Tu cuerpo y el mío llenando el vacío Subiendo y bajando (subiendo y bajando) Bailando (bailando), bailando (bailando) Ese fuego por dentro me está enloqueciendo Me va saturando Con tu física y tu química También tu anatomía La cerveza y la tequila Y tu boca con la mía Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Con esta melodía Tu color tu fantasía Con tu filosofía Mi cabeza esta vacía Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Yo quiero estar contigo Vivir contigo Bailar contigo Tener contigo Una noche loca (una noche loca) Ay besar tu boca (y besar tu boca) Yo quiero estar contigo Vivir contigo Bailar contigo Tener contigo Una noche loca Con tremenda nota Tu me miras y me llevas a otra dimensión (estoy en otra dimensión) Tus latidos aceleran a mi corazón (Tus latidos aceleran a mi corazón) Que ironía del destino no poder tocarte Abrazarte, y sentir la magia de tu olor Bailando (bailando), bailando (bailando) Tu cuerpo y el mío llenando el vacío Subiendo y bajando (subiendo y bajando) Bailando (bailando), bailando (bailando) Ese fuego por dentro me va enloqueciendo Me va saturando Con tu física y tu química También tu anatomía La cerveza y la tequila Y tu boca con la mía Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Con esta melodía Tu color tu fantasía Con tu filosofía Mi cabeza esta vacía Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Y ya no puedo más (Y ya no puedo más) Yo quiero estar contigo Vivir contigo Bailar contigo Tener contigo Una noche loca (una noche loca) Ay besar tu boca (y besar tu boca) Yo quiero estar contigo Vivir contigo Bailar contigo Tener contigo Una noche loca Con tremenda nota Bailando amor Bailando amor Es que se me va el dolor",

"Cómo tú te llamas yo no sé De dónde llegaste ni pregunté Lo único que sé, es que quiero con usted Quedarme contigo hasta el amanecer Cómo tú te llamas yo no sé De dónde llegaste ni pregunté Lo único que sé, que quiero con usted Quedarme contigo hasta el amanecer Óyeme mamasita tu cuerpo y carita Piel morena lo que uno necesita Mirando una chica tan bonita Me pregunto por qué anda tan solita Ven dale ahí ahí moviendo todo eso pa mí No importa idioma ni el país Ya vámonos de aquí Que tengo algo bueno para ti Una noche de aventura hay que vivir Óyeme ahí, ahí Mami vamos a darle Rumbeando y bebiendo a la vez Tu tranquila que yo te daré Una noche llena de placer Cómo tú te llamas yo no sé De dónde llegaste ni pregunte Lo único que sé, que quiero con usted Quedarme contigo hasta el amanecer Yo pendiente a ti Como bailas así con ese movimiento Me hipnotizas, me voy acercando hacia a ti Y te digo yo a ti al oído, Escúchame mami, yo te estoy queriendo Siento algo por dentro Y tú me dices estás muy loco deja eso Mami yo te estoy queriendo siento algo por dentro Me muero por llevarte Cómo tú te llamas yo no sé De dónde llegaste ni pregunté Lo único que sé, que quiero con usted Quedarme contigo hasta el amanecer Cómo tú te llamas yo no sé De dónde llegaste ni pregunté Lo único que sé, que quiero con usted Quedarme contigo hasta el amanecer Hasta el amanecer Cómo tú te llamas yo no sé (no sé) De dónde llegaste ni pregunté Lo único que sé, que quiero con usted Quedarme contigo hasta el amanecer N I C K (Nicky Nicky Nicky Jam) Saga White Black La industria incSolo en tu boca, yo quiero acabar Todos esos besos que te quiero dar A mí no me importa que duermas con el Porque se que sueñas con poderme ver Mujer que vas a hacer Decídete pa' ver Si te quedas o te vas Si no, no me busques más Si te vas, yo también me voy Si me das, yo también te doy Mi Amor Bailamos hasta la diez Hasta que duelan los pies Si te vas, yo también me voy Si me das, yo también te doy Mi Amor Bailamos hasta la diez Hasta que duelan los pies Con el te duele el corazón Y conmigo te duelen los pies Con el te duele el corazón Y conmigo te duelen los pies Solo con un beso yo te haría acabar Ese Sufrimiento que te hace llorar A mí no me importa que vivas con él Porque se que mueres con poderme ver Mujer que vas a hacer Decídete pa' ver Si te quedas o te vas Si no, no me busques más Si te vas, yo también me voy Si me das, yo también te doy Mi Amor Bailamos hasta la diez Hasta que duelan los pies Si te vas, yo también me voy Si me das, yo también te doy Mi Amor Bailamos hasta la diez Hasta que duelan los pies Con el te duele el corazón Y conmigo te duelen los pies Con el te duele el corazón Y conmigo te duelen los pies Wisin Quién es el que te quita el frío Te vas conmigo, rumbeamos Con él lloras casi un río Tal vez te da dinero y tiene poderío Pero no te llena tu corazón sigue vacío Pero conmigo rompe la carretera Bandolera si en tu vida hay algo que no sirve Sácalo pa' fuera A ti nadie te frena la super-guerrera Yo sé que tu eres una fiera dale Sácalo pa' fuera Si te vas, yo también me voy Si me das, yo también te doy Mi Amor Bailamos hasta la diez Hasta que duelan los pies Si te vas, yo también me voy Si me das, yo también te doy Mi Amor Bailamos hasta la diez Hasta que duelan los pies Con el te duele el corazón Y conmigo te duelen los pies Con el te duele el corazón Y conmigo te duelen los pies Solo con un beso yo quiero acabar Ese sufrimiento que te hace llorarSi necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Muévete a mi ritmo Siente el magnetismo Tu cadera con la mia (boom) Hacen un sismo Ahora da lo mismo El amor ahora es turismo Diciéndole que no al que viene con romanticismo Si te dan ganas de bailar pues dale En esta disco todos somos iguales Te ves bonita con tu swing salvaje Sigue bailando que pa eso te traje Si te dan ganas de bailar pues dale En esta disco todos somos iguales Te ves bonita con tu swing salvaje Sigue bailando que pa eso te traje Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Y yo hoy estoy aquí imaginando Sexy baila y me deja con las ganas Y yo hoy estoy aquí imaginándolo Sexy baila y me deja con las ganas Que bien te queda a ti esa faldita Ella es señora, no es señorita Sexy baila y me deja con las ganas Como te luces cuando lo meneas Cuanto quisiera hacerte el amor Enséñame lo que sabes Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mami no pare Acércate a mi pantalón dale Vamos a pegarnos como animales Sky Rompiendo El Bajo Ginza Infinity Music Vamos a pegarnos como animales Dale Dale Bull Nene Feid Mosty Estamos roompiendo baby Si necesita reggaeton dale Sigue bailando mani no pare InfinityNada voy hacer rebuscando en las heridas del pasado No voy a perder, yo no quiero ser un tipo de otro lado... A tu manera, descomplicado! En una bici que te lleva a todos lados Un ballenato... desesperado! Una cartica que yo guardo donde te escribí Que te sueño que te quiero tanto Que hace rato esta mi corazón latiendo por ti (Latiendo por ti) La que yo guardo donde te escribí Que te sueño y que te quiero tanto Que hace rato esta mi corazón latiendo por ti (Latiendo por ti) Puedo ser feliz, caminando relajada entre la gente Yo te quiero así, y me gustas porque eres diferente! A mi manera, despelucado En una bici que me lleva a todos lados Un ballenato desesperado Una cartica que yo guardo donde te escribí Que te sueño que te quiero tanto Que hace rato esta mi corazón latiendo por ti (Latiendo por ti) La que yo guardo donde te escribí Que te sueño que te quiero tanto Que hace rato esta mi corazón latiendo por ti (Latiendo por ti) Ella es la favorita, la que cantan las olas Se mueve su cadera como un barco en las olas Tiene los pies descalzos como un niño que adora Y su cabello largo son un sol que te antoja Le gusta que le digan que la niña va lola Le gusta que la miren cuando ella baila sola Le gusta mas la casa que no pasen las horas Le gusta Barranquilla, le gusta Barcelona! Lleva, llévame en tu bicicleta Oyeme Carlos llévame en tu bicicleta Quiero que recorramos juntos esa zona Desde Santa Marta hasta La Arenosa Lleva, llévame en tu bicicleta Pa' que juguemos bola, tapa y en chancleta Que si a Pique algún día le muestras el Tayrona Después no querrá irse pa Barcelona A mi manera, descomplicado En una bici que me lleva a todos lados Un ballenato desesperado Una cartica que yo guardo donde te escribí Que te sueño que te quiero tanto Que hace rato esta mi corazón latiendo por ti, latiendo por ti... La que yo guardo donde te escribí Que te sueño que te quiero tanto Que hace rato esta mi corazón latiendo por ti, latiendo por ti... Lleva, llévame en tu bicicleta Oyeme Carlos llévame en tu bicicleta Que si a Pique algún día le muestras el Tayrona Después no querrá irse pa Barcelona Lleva, llévame en tu bicicleta Oyeme Carlos llévame en tu bicicleta Que si a mi Pique tu le muestras el Tayrona (Después no querrá irse pa Barcelona...)No llores por un bobo Si el te deja sola yo te robo Te llevo a un lugar escondido Donde podremos estar solos, solos, solos No llores por un bobo Si el te deja sola yo te robo Te llevo a un lugar escondido Donde podremos estar solos, solos, solos La la la la La la la (ieeh) la No llores muñeca Y vamos pa la discoteca mami La la la la La la la (ieeh) la Mami no más lágrimas Que amores en la calle siempre hay demás Es bobo lo sé, lo imaginé Mi mente pensando cuando la podré tener a usted El es un b-o b-o, yo solo veo veo Como te pierdes el deseo Deja que el sol hoy te despierte en mi cama Y que la luna sepa que estás aquí Sin hablar de amor ni de esas cosas raras Tu eres libre así que vuela mami Deja que el sol hoy te despierte en mi cama Y que la luna sepa que estás aquí Sin hablar de amor ni de esas cosas raras Tu eres libre así que vuela mami La la la la La la la (ieeh) la No llores muñeca Y vamos pa la discoteca mami La la la la La la la (ieeh) la Mami no más lágrimas Que amores en la calle siempre hay demás Bailando, así te quiero ver Mi vida, olvídate de él Mami no más lágrimas Que amores en la calle siempre hay demás Bailando, así te quiero ver Mi vida, olvídate de él Mami no más lágrimas Que amores en la calle siempre hay demás Sky Rompiendo El Bajo Mosty Infinity Music Feid Energía Estamos rompiendo o no estamos rompiendoTamo' en vivo Sube sube sube el mic mic Que vamo' que vamo' Que vamo' pa' la jodedera a full baby Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Como é dame una vueltita otra vez Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Tú la ves, como hace lo suyo, tú la ves La zona destroza, que esto es otra cosa Esto es pa' todas las bebas que se ponen rabiosa Es tan peligrosa con las curvas nitrosas Se cae la casa cuando ella rompe la losa Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto, ¡dale duro! Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto, ¡dale duro! Se pone bien loca cuando a ti te toca Toda la sanduga en ese bompe te choca choca Tú no bailas como yo, tú no bailas como yo Mucho piquete, mucho flow flow nos matamos Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Como é dame una vueltita otra vez Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Tú la ves, como hace lo suyo, tú la ves Las botellas arriba, el combo en la mesa Y salen fieras por naturaleza Vamo' a ver toa' las chapi en candela Hay que llevarlas pa' la vieja escuela Ahí es que va a apretar Échate eso pa' acá Las nalgas para atrás y tra tra tra tra Ahí es que va a apretar Échate eso pa' acá Las nalgas para atrás y tra tra tra tra Con tu jean siempre cuando le roza el booty Le tiro sustancia más caliente que churry Ella es otro level, cuando me lo mueve Sopa de rafagasos sin llevar una nueve Se explota como un peine, yo exploto como un largo Me debe la pista y su cintura la embargo Le gusta la pesca, porque es una fresca Siga pal bailoteo que se coma este pargo Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Como é dame una vueltita otra vez Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky (wouh) Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Tú la ves, como hace lo suyo, tú la ves Tiene una zandunga en esos pies Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto, ¡dale duro! Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto (terremoto) Terremoto, ¡fuimos! Que mueva to' lo que tiene Que mueva to' lo que tiene Que mueva to' lo que tiene Vamo' a ver cómo lo sostiene Que mueva to' lo que tiene Que mueva to' lo que tiene Que mueva to' lo que tiene Vamo' a ver cómo lo sostiene con el... Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Cómo es, dame una vueltita otra vez Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky, shaky Tú la ves, como ella te vira al revés Ay que jodona es Aja, el Daddy Yankee el rey del micro En la impro, como me filtro, por esos gitros ja Dj Urba, vamos vamos vamos vamos pa la rumba Oye Rome, Que pa esta liga no se asomen jajalay Music ‘El Perdón’ Dime si es verdad Me dijeron que te estas casando Tú no sabes como estoy sufriendo Esto te lo tengo que decir Cuéntame Tu despedida para mi fue dura Será que él te llevo a la luna Y yo no supe hacerlo así Te estaba buscando Por las calles gritando Eso me está matando oh no Te estaba buscando Por las calles gritando Como un loco tomando oh... Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Esto no me gusta Esto no me gusta Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Eso no me gusta Eso no me gusta Vivir si ti, no aguanto más Por eso vengo a decirte lo que siento Estoy sufriendo en esta soledad Y aunque tu padre no aprobó esta relación Yo sigo insistiendo a pedir perdón Lo único que importa está en tu corazón Te estaba buscando Por las calles gritando Esto me está matando oh no Te estaba buscando Por las calles gritando Como un loco tomando oh... Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Esto no me gusta Esto no me gusta Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Eso no me gusta Eso no me gusta Yo te juré a ti eterno amor Y ahora otro te da calor Cuando en las noches tienes frío oh oh Yo sé que él te parece mejor Pero yo estoy en tu corazón Y por eso pido perdón Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Esto no me gusta oh no Es que yo sin ti Y tú sin mi Dime quién puede ser feliz Esto no me gusta oh yeah... (Tú sin mí) Dicen que uno no sabe lo que tiene Hasta que lo pierde pero... (Yo sin ti) Vale la pena luchar por lo que uno quiere (No puedo vivir así) Y hacer el intento (No quiero vivir así) N.I.C.K Nicky Nicky Nick Jam (No quiero que me dejes por favor) Saga White Black (Y te pido perdón) La Industria Inc." ]

var russia = [ "", "", "Уютное кафе на улицах с плетёной мебелью Где красное вино из местных погребов больших Шато Ты можешь говорить что это только глупые мечты Но в планах у меня всё видимо немного круче, ведь... Завтра в семь двадцать две, я буду в Борисполе Сидеть в самолёте и думать о пилоте, чтобы Он хорошо взлетел и крайне удачно сел Где-нибудь в Париже, а там ещё немного и Прованс. Бордовый горизонт, бордовое Бордо в бокале Поверить не могу что это всё уже так близко. Ведь завтра в Семь Двадцать две , Я буду в Борисполе. Сидеть в самолёте и думать о пилоте Чтобы Он хорошо взлетел , И крайне удачно сел. Где нибудь в Париже , А там ещё немного и Прованс!Каменная леди, ледяная сказка, Вместо сердца – камень, вместо чувства – маска, И что? Больно всё равно... Одинокой кошкой, вольным диким зверем, Никогда не плачет, никому не верит – И что? Больно всё равно... Одиночество – сволочь (одиночество), Одиночество – скука (одиночество)... Я не чувствую сердца, Я не чувствую руку (руку, руку)... Я сама так решила (одиночество), Тишина мне – подруга (одиночество). Лучше б я согрешила... Одиночество – мука (мука, мука)... Ты, в объятьях страсти укрощая львицу, Знай, что она хочет, хочет покориться Тебе (тебе), Проиграть в игре (в игре)... Рвётся она в клетку чувства и желаний, Надоело мёрзнуть в царстве ожиданий Одной (одной)... Стань её судьбой (судьбой)... Одиночество – сволочь (одиночество), Одиночество – скука (одиночество)... Я не чувствую сердца, Я не чувствую руку (руку, руку)... Я сама так решила (одиночество), Тишина мне – подруга (одиночество). Лучше б я согрешила... Одиночество – мука (мука, мука)... Одиночество – сука! Я ж сама дверь закрыла, Я собою довольна – Отчего же так плохо, Отчего же так больно?.. Одиночество – сволочь (одиночество), Одиночество – скука (одиночество)... Я не чувствую сердца, Я не чувствую руку (руку, руку)... Я сама так решила (одиночество), Тишина мне – подруга (одиночество). Лучше б я согрешила... Одиночество – мука (мука, мука)... Одиночество – сука!Никогда, никогда! Никому, никому - Я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам. Никогда, никогда! Никому, никому - Я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам. Никогда, никогда! Слышишь, это тепло не от моря. Я тебя не забыла, но ты не один. Мои губы с тобою не спорят, Твоё имя ласкают тысячи льдин. Обними меня, я к тебе, о тебе, Для тебя вся, может я зря? Отними у меня всё тепло любя поцелуем. Никогда, никогда! Никому, никому - Я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам. Никогда, никогда! Никому, никому - Я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам. Никогда, никогда! Слышишь, это тепло не от моря. Я тебя не забыла, но ты не один. Мои губы с тобою не спорят, Твоё имя ласкают тысячи льдин. Обними меня, я к тебе, о тебе, Для тебя вся, может я зря? Отними у меня всё тепло любя поцелуем. Никогда, никогда! Никому, никому - Я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам. Никогда, никогда! Никому, никому - Я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам, я тебя не отдам. Никогда, никогда!Сегодня болен тобой, И завтра болен тобой! Я убит тобой И воскрешен тобой вновь. Но все, что будет со мной Связано только с тобой. Я забыт тоской, Я любим тобой... Ты - яркое солнце, Мы - вниз не сорвемся И рядом проснемся, Жизнь нам улыбнется. Миг светлого счастья, Мир будет вращаться. Нам больше не надо, Только домик у сада. Я напишу весну, Все краски соберу! Красный и розово-синий, О, Боже, как ты красива! Я не искал слова, Чтоб удержать тебя, Мы рождены летать. Сегодня болен тобой, И завтра болен тобой! Я убит тобой И воскрешен тобой вновь. Но все, что будет со мной Связано только с тобой. Я забыт тоской, Я любим тобой... Сон розово-белый, В нем мы где-то под снегом Парим на встречу друг другу И нашему чуду. Снег на твоих ресницах, Блеск в глазах будет сниться Мне и я верю в чудо, Где мы счастливы будем. Я напишу весну, Все краски соберу! Красный и розово-синий. О, Боже, как ты красива! Я не искал слова, Чтоб удержать тебя, Мы рождены летать. Сегодня болен тобой, И завтра болен тобой! Я убит тобой И воскрешен тобой вновь. Но все, что будет со мной Связано только с тобой. Я забыт тоской, Я любим тобой... Сегодня болен тобой, И завтра болен тобой! Я убит тобой И воскрешен тобой вновь. Но все, что будет со мной Связано только с тобой. Я забыт тоской, Я любим тобой... Болен тобой... (Болен тобой... болен тобой...) Но все, что будет со мной Связано только с тобой. Я забыт тоской, Я любим тобой...Плыви-плыви кораблик мой по волнам. Укажет тебе путь Солнце и Луна. В каких краях далеких мой капитан. Похитил мое сердце он навсегда. Судьбинушка моя ты жестокая. В тоске по нему сердечко ёкает. Судьбинушка моя ты крылатая. Тельняшка - душа полосатая. По течениям лет, он слеза морей. Без любви совсем никак. А я за тобой хоть на край света. Моя любовь жарче, чем лето. И пусть говорят, что любовь слепа. Ой милый мой - ты попал мне в сердце. А я за тобой хоть на край света. Моя любовь жарче, чем лето. И пусть говорят, что любовь слепа. Ой милый мой - ты попал не туда. Моря здесь по другому солёные. И люди друг в друга влюбленные. Иначе всё сердцем чувствую. И песни пою вот грустные. Задорные и веселые. Целыми городами, да селами. Судьбинушка моя ты крылатая. Любовь моя к тебе - необьятная. По течениям лет, он слеза морей. Без любви совсем никак. А я за тобой хоть на край света. Моя любовь жарче, чем лето. И пусть говорят, что любовь слепа. Ой милый мой - ты попал мне в сердце. А я за тобой хоть на край света. Моя любовь жарче, чем лето. И пусть говорят, что любовь слепа. Ой милый мой - ты попал не туда. А я за тобой хоть на край света. Моя любовь жарче, чем лето. И пусть говорят, что любовь слепа. Ой милый мой - ты попал не туда. А я за тобой хоть на край света. Моя любовь жарче, чем лето. И пусть говорят, что любовь слепа. Ой милый мой - ты попал мне в сердце. А я за тобой хоть на край света. Моя любовь жарче, чем лето. И пусть говорят, что любовь слепа. Ой милый мой, ой милый мой!!! А я за тобой хоть на край света. Моя любовь жарче, чем лето. И пусть говорят, что любовь слепа. Ой милый мой - ты попал не туда.Немного денег, на кармане, И мы с друзьями, зажигаем в баре. Куплю билеты я, и очень скоро. Украду тебя на Бора Бора. Pretty, pretty girl я, Pretty, pretty girl yeah, Мне не забыть имя твое. Pretty, pretty girl, Pretty, pretty smile, Словно на батуте скачет сердце мое. И до рассвете, пусть горит любовь, любовь. И без ответа, все оставлю вновь, и вновь. И не важно, где сейчас и с кем ты. Шепчешь комплименты. Вижу я насквозь твою любовь. Твою любовь... Что делает со мной, твоя походка? Мне сейчас нужна, большая лодка. Мы уплывем с тобой на Бора-Бора. Или сойду с ума, я очень скоро. Pretty, pretty girl я, Pretty, pretty girl yeah, Мне не забыть имя твое. Pretty, pretty girl, Pretty, pretty smile, Словно на батуте скачет сердце мое. И до рассвета пусть горит любовь, любовь. И без ответа всё оставлю вновь и вновь. И не важно, где сейчас и с кем ты шепчешь комплименты. Вижу я насквозь твою любовь. Твою любовь... И до рассвета пусть горит любовь, любовь. И без ответа всё оставлю вновь и вновь. И не важно, где сейчас и с кем ты шепчешь комплименты. Вижу я насквозь твою любовь. Твою... И до рассвета пусть горит любовь, любовь. И без ответа всё оставлю вновь и вновь. И не важно, где сейчас и с кем ты шепчешь комплименты. Вижу я насквозь твою любовь. Твою любовь...Часто мы безотказны, страсти, здрасьте Меняет краски счастье раз в день С тобой в опасность, без тебя в тень Этой прекрасной песне место здесь Между моим и твоим сердцем Между баррикадой и Пресней, вместе Вместе, это ли не счастье, но Душа летела над лужами Но не апрелем простужен был Твоим смертельным оружием Видимо сам я себя убил Так безотказны, страсти, прости Холодный дождь откуда-то возник Иди под зонт и руку возьми Давай вернёмся хотя бы до восьми Мой город стих, и ноты на стих И этот час дремоты настиг Здрасьте, здрасьте, это ли не счастье, но Душа летела над лужами Но не апрелем простужен был Твоим смертельным оружием Видимо сам я себя убил Душа летела над лужами Но не апрелем простужен был Твоим смертельным оружием Видимо сам я себя убил Прости, такое чувство будто один Мы незаметно оба грустим Это твой жанр, это твой стиль Твоё оружие против моих сил Мой город стих, и ноты на стих И этот час дремоты настиг Здрасьте, здрасьте, это ли не счастье, но Душа летела над лужами Но не апрелем простужен был Твоим смертельным оружием Видимо сам я себя убил Душа летела над лужами Но не апрелем простужен был Твоим смертельным оружием Видимо сам я себя убил Душа летела над лужами Но не апрелем простужен был Твоим смертельным оружием Видимо сам я себя убил Видимо сам я себя убил Видимо сам я себя убилМне обещали, что все наладится. Сердце сумеет с обидой справится. Сердце никто не спросил, и меня, тоже не спросили! Мне обещали, что все получится, Если достаточно долго мучиться. Мне даже выдали сил, но терпением обделили Созвездия, справедливы ваши песни ли Вменяемы ли, разумны ли. Зачем Вас вообще придумали Придумали Знак Водолея,все отдала, и ни о чем не жалею Все отдала, и ничего не осталось, А рядом столько человек потерялось! Я этим чувством уже век не болею. Все отдала, и ни о чем не жалею! И вопреки лечу всем автопилотам, Живу назло гороскопам! В сердце моем — не моя влюбленность, Чья-то чужая определенность. Чьи-то чужие слова, — я забуду их на рассвете. Мысли свои заплетаю в слезы. Верю судьбе и не верю звездам! Я все решила сама,я одна за себя в ответе! Созвездия, справедливы ваши песни ли Вменяемы ли, разумны ли Зачем Вас вообще придумали Придумали! Знак Водолея,все отдала, и ни о чем не жалею Все отдала, и ничего не осталось, А рядом столько человек потерялось! Я этим чувством уже век не болею. Все отдала, и ни о чем не жалею! И вопреки лечу всем автопилотам, Живу назло гороскопам!Звёзды в лужах делить с тобой Теплый ужин делить с тобой Оставаться нужным и быть с тобой Странно, я раньше не думал, что так бывает Что все способно так закрутиться Насколько важно, шагая по краю Любить, дорожить, мечтать, к одному стремиться Ты на обложку Космо, я на обложку Форбс Чтобы быть рядом даже на полках газетных киосков И пока вертится глобус, цепляясь за ось Не разминуться на одном из перекрестков Звёзды в лужах делить с тобой Теплый ужин делить с тобой Оставаться нужным и быть с тобой Звезды в лужах делить с тобой Теплый ужин делить с тобой Оставаться нужным и быть с тобой Проспект укрыт покрывалом тумана Люди лениво листают прессу А мы вторим аккордам пиано Пока у бара готовят эспрессо Еще немного, и пора бежать Буквально пятнадцать минут Нам столько нужно друг другу сказать Пускай дела чуть-чуть подождут Звёзды в лужах делить с тобой Теплый ужин делить с тобой Оставаться нужным и быть с тобой Звёзды в лужах делить с тобой Теплый ужин делить с тобой Оставаться нужным и быть с тобой Звёзды в лужах делить с тобой Теплый ужин делить с тобой Оставаться нужным и быть с тобой Звёзды в лужах делить с тобой Теплый ужин делить с тобой Оставаться нужным и быть с тобой Звёзды в лужах делить с тобой Теплый ужин делить с тобой Оставаться нужным и быть с тобойЯ не буду строкою в твоем дневнике, Я исчезну, растаю ручьем в реке. Река станет морем моя твоя, Все еще такая история. Не боюсь высоты, не хочу пустоты, Это там, где был ты, развели мосты. Знаю просто, ято я научусь так жить, И пока оно со мной, это чувство. Чувство легкости есть, И я рядом, я здесь. Будет пусть тебе Ангел послан с небес. Чувство легкости есть, И я рядом, я здесь. То не ветер шумит, То души моей крылья. Стану облаком белым, хоть свет не бел, Мои песни теперь только о тебе. Пополам эта черная полоса, Унесет голоса ветром. Я люблю это чувство, и я лечу, Я болею тобою и не лечусь. И прости, если можешь, в конце пути, Я хочу быть твоим следом. Чувство легкости есть, И я рядом, я здесь. Будет пусть тебе Ангел послан с небес. Чувство легкости есть, И я рядом, я здесь. То не ветер шумит, То души моей крылья. Мы поплывем к горизонту, Рукой достанем до солнца, Возьмем любые высоты, знай, что это все для тебя. Я бы подарил тебе все закаты, Мне ничего не надо, лишь бы ты была рядом. Если любить тебя - ошибка, я ошибаюсь, Глубоко неправ, но исправить это не пытаюсь. Чувство легкости есть, И я рядом, я здесь. Будет пусть тебе Ангел послан с небес. Чувство легкости есть, И я рядом, я здесь. То не ветер шумит, То души моей крылья. Чувство легкости есть, И я рядом, я здесь. Будет пусть тебе Ангел послан с небес. Чувство легкости есть, И я рядом, я здесь. То не ветер шумит, То души моей крылья.",
"","","",""]

var UK = [ "Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like And right now there's a steel knife in my windpipe I can't breathe but I still fight, while I can fight As long as the wrong feels right it's like I'm in flight High off her love, drunk from her hate, it's like I'm huffin' paint And I love her the more I suffer, I suffocate And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates Me, she fucking hates me and I love it, wait Where you going, I'm leaving you, no you ain't Come back, we're running right back here we go again It's so insane, 'cause when it's going good it's going great I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane But when it's bad it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped ‘who's that dude?’, I don't even know his name I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again I guess I don't know my own strength Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : You ever love somebody so much, you can barely breathe when you're with 'em You meet and neither one of you even know what hit 'em Got that warm fuzzy feelin', yeah them chills used to get 'em Now you're gettin' fuckin' sick of lookin' at 'em You'd swore you'd never hit 'em, never do nothing to hurt 'em Now you're in each others' face, spewing venom in your words when you spit 'em You push pull each others' hair, scratch claw bit 'em Throw 'em down pin 'em, so lost in them moments when you're in 'em It's the rage that took over, it controls ya both So they say you're best to go your separate ways, guess that they don't know ya 'Cause today, that was yesterday, yesterday is over It's a different day, sound like broken records playin' over But you promised her, next time you'll show restraint You don't get another chance, life is no Nintendo game But you lied again, now you get to watch her leave out the window Guess that's why they call it window pane Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie Eminem : Now I know we said things, did things, that we didn't mean Then we fall back into the same patterns, same routine But your temper's just as bad as mine is, you're the same as me But when it comes to love, you're just as blinded, baby please Come back, it wasn't you, baby it was me Maybe our relationship isn't as crazy as it seems Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano All I know is I love you too much to walk away though Come inside, pick up your bags off the sidewalk Don't you hear sincerity in my voice when I talk Told you this is my fault, look me in the eyeball Next time I'm pissed, I'll aim my fist at the dry wall Next time, there will be no next time, I apologize Even though I know it's lies, I'm tired of the games I just want her back, I know I'm a liar If she ever tries to fuckin' leave again, I'ma tie her to the bed and set this house on fire Rihanna : Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lieYou say I love you boy But I know you lie. I trust you all the same And I don't know why 'Cause when my back is turned My bruises shine Our broken fairytale So hard to hide I still believe It's you and me till the end of time When we collide we come together If we don't we'll always be apart I'll take a bruise I know you're worth it When you hit me, hit me hard Sitting in a wishing hole Hoping it stays right Feet cast in solid stone I got Gilligan's eyes I still believe It's you and me till the end of time When we collide we come together If we don't we'll always be apart I'll take a bruise I know you're worth it When you hit me, hit me hard 'Cause you said hello It's where the going get's hard Our future is far Many of horror Our future's far Many of horror Our future is far Many of horror I still believe It's you and me till the end of time When we collide we come together If we don't we'll always be apart I'll take a bruise I know you're worth it When you hit me, hit me hardOh, her eyes, her eyes make the stars look like they're not shinin' Her hair, her hair falls perfectly without her tryin' She's so beautiful And I tell her every day Yeah, I know, I know when I compliment her, she won't believe me And it's so, it's so sad to think that she don't see what I see But every time she asks me, ‘Do I look okay?’ I say When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change 'Cause you're amazing just the way you are And when you smile The whole world stops and stares for awhile 'Cause girl, you're amazing just the way you are Yeah, her lips, her lips, I could kiss them all day if she'd let me Her laugh her laugh, she hates, but I think it's so sexy She's so beautiful And I tell her every day Oh, you know, you know, you know I'd never ask you to change If perfect's what you're searching for, then just stay the same So don't even bother asking if you look okay You know I'll say When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change 'Cause you're amazing just the way you are And when you smile The whole world stops and stares for awhile 'Cause girl, you're amazing just the way you are The way you are The way you are Girl, you're amazing just the way you are When I see your face There's not a thing that I would change 'Cause you're amazing just the way you are And when you smile The whole world stops and stares for awhile 'Cause girl, you're amazing just the way you are, yeahLa la la la La la la la La la la la (oh yeah) La la la la I want you to love me Like I'm a hot ride Be thinkin' of me Doin' what you like So boy, forget about the world 'Cause it's gon' be me and you tonight I wanna make you beg for it Then I'mma make you swallow your pride Want you to make me feel Like I'm the only girl in the world Like I'm the only one that you'll ever love Like I'm the only one who knows your heart Only girl in the world Like I'm the only one that's in command 'Cause I'm the only one who understands How to make you feel like a man, yeah Want you to make me feel Like I'm the only girl in the world Like I'm the only one that you'll ever love Like I'm the only one who knows your heart Only one Want you to take it Like a thief in the night Hold me like a pillow Make me feel right Baby, I'll tell you all my secrets that I'm keepin' You can come inside (yeah) And when you enter, you ain't leavin' Be my prisoner for the night, oh Want you to make me feel Like I'm the only girl in the world Like I'm the only one that you'll ever love Like I'm the only one who knows your heart Only girl in the world Like I'm the only one that's in command 'Cause I'm the only one who understands Like I'm the only one who knows your heart Only one Take me for a ride, ride Oh baby, take me high, high Let me make you rise, rise Oh, make it last all night, night Take me for a ride, ride Oh baby, take me high, high Let me make you rise, rise Make it last all night Want you to make me feel Like I'm the only girl in the world Like I'm the only one that you'll ever love Like I'm the only one who knows your heart Only girl in the world Like I'm the only one that's in command 'Cause I'm the only one who understands How to make you feel like a man Only girl in the world, girl in the world Only girl in the world, girl in the worldOh my gosh Baby, let me I did it again, so I'mma let the beat drop Oh my Baby, let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby, I can break you down There's so many ways to love ya Got me like, oh my gosh, so in love I found you finally, you make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh Oh oh, oh my gosh You make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh I fell in love with shawty when I seen her on the dance floor She was dancin' sexy, pop-pop-poppin', droppin', droppin' low Never, ever has a lady hit me on the first sight This was something special, this was just like dynamite Honey got a booty like pow, pow, pow Honey got some boobies like wow, oh, wow Girl, you know I'm lovin' your, lovin' your style Check, check, check, check, check-checkin' you out, like Oh, she got it all Sexy from her head to toe And I want it all and all and all Baby, let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby, I can break you down There's so many ways to love ya Got me like, oh my gosh, I'm so in love I found you finally, you make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh Oh oh, oh my gosh You make me want to say, you make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh oh Fell so hard for honey out of all the girls up in the club This one got me whipped just after one look, yep, I fell in love This one something special, this one just like dynamite Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh, out of sight Fell in love with honey like my, oh my Honey, look, you're wonderful, fly, so fly Honey like a supermodel, my, oh my Baby, how you do that make a grown man cry Oh, baby, you got it all Sexy from her head to toe And I want it all and all and all So honey let me love you down There's so many ways to love ya Baby, I can break it down There's so many ways to love ya Got me like, oh my gosh, I'm so in love I found you finally, you make me want to say Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh Oh oh, oh my gosh Oh my gosh, oh my, oh my Oh, o-oh my gosh Oh my gosh I did it again, so I'mma let the beat drop O-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my my Oh my gosh O-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my my Oh my gosh O-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my my Oh my goshYou would not believe your eyes If ten million fireflies Lit up the world as I fell asleep 'Cause they'd fill the open air And leave teardrops everywhere You'd think me rude, but I would just stand and stare I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems 'Cause I'd get a thousand hugs From ten thousand lightning bugs As they try to teach me how to dance A foxtrot above my head A sock hop beneath my bed A disco ball is just hanging by a thread I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems (When I fall asleep) Leave my door open just a crack (Please take me away from here) 'Cause I feel like such an insomniac (Please take me away from here) Why do I tire of counting sheep? (Please take me away from here) When I'm far too tired to fall asleep To ten million fireflies I'm weird 'cause I hate goodbyes I got misty eyes as they said farewell (They said farewell) But I'll know where several are If my dreams get real bizarre 'Cause I saved a few and I keep them in a jar (A jar) I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems (When I fall asleep) I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep 'Cause everything is never as it seems (When I fall asleep) I'd like to make myself believe That planet Earth turns slowly It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep Because my dreams are bursting at the seamsSnoop Dogg Greetings loved ones Let's take a journey. Katy Perry I know a place Where the grass is really greener Warm, wet, and wild There must be something in the water Sippin' gin and juice Laying underneath the palm trees (undone) The boys break their necks Tryin' to creep a little sneak peek (at us) You could travel the world But nothing comes close to the Golden Coast Once you party with us, you'll be falling in love Oh oh California girls, we're unforgettable Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle Oooh oh oooh California girls, we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent, now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh Sex on the beach We don't mind sand in our stilettos We freak in my Jeep Snoop Doggy Dogg on the stereo Oh oh You could travel the world But nothing comes close to the Golden Coast Once you party with us, you'll be falling in love Oh oooh California girls, we're unforgettable (California) Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle (ooh) Oooh oh oooh California girls (California), we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent (West Coast), now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh Snoop Dogg Toned, tan, fit, and ready Turn it up 'cause it's gettin' heavy Wild wild West Coast These are the girls I love the most I mean the ones I mean like she's the one Kiss her, touch her, squeeze her buns (ah) The girl's a freak She drive a Jeep And live on the beach I'm okay, I won't play I love the bay Just like I love L.A., Venice Beach and Palm Springs Summertime is everything Homeboys banging out All that ass hanging out Bikinis, zucchinis, martinis, no weenies Just a king and a queenie Katy my lady (yeah) You looking here baby (uh huh) I'm all up on ya 'Cause you representin' California (oh yeah) Katy Perry California girls, we're unforgettable Daisy dukes, bikinis on top Sun-kissed skin, so hot, we'll melt your popsicle Oooh oh oooh (c'mon, c'mon) California girls, we're undeniable Fine, fresh, fierce, we got it on lock West Coast represent (West Coast, West Coast), now put your hands up Oooh oh oooh (ey, ey) Snoop Dogg (California, California girls) California girls, man (California, California girls) I really wish you all could be California girlsComme te po' capì chi te vò bene Si tu le parle 'mmiezzo americano? Quando se fa l'ammore sotto 'a luna Come te vene 'capa e di: ‘I love you!?’ Pa pa l' americano Pa pa l' americano Fa l' americano! Comme te po' capì chi te vò bene Si tu le parle 'mmiezzo americano? Quando se fa l'ammore sotto 'a luna Come te vene 'capa e di: ‘I love you!?’ Pa pa l' americano Fa fa l' americano Whisky soda e rockenroll Whisky soda e rockenroll Whisky soda e rockenrollYeah (yeah) we bring the stars out, We bring the women and the cars and the cards out, Lets have a toast a celebration get a glass out, And we can do this until we pass out. (so) Let it rain, Let it pour away, We wont come down, Until we hit the ground and pass out! Yeah (i) yeah, I’m in charge now, I’m a star and I bought my fucking cast out, I live a very very very wild lifestyle, Heidi and Audrina eat your heart out, I used to listen to ‘you don’t wanna bring arms house’ I got so many clothes I keep’s em in ma aunts house, Disturbing London baby, we about to branch out, Soon I'll be the king like Prince Charles Child, Yeah! Yeah, yeah and there ain't nobody fresher Semester to semester, ravin’ with the freshers 20 light bulbs around my table and my dresser ClC Kompressor, just in case that don’t impress her Say hello to Dexter, say hello to Uncle Fester Got them gazing at my necklace and my crazy sun protectors G-Shocks I got a crazy don collection Haters, I can't fucking hear your reception Yeah (yeah) we bring the stars out, We bring the women and the cars and the cards out, Lets have a toast a celebration get a glass out, And we can do this until we pass out. (so) Let it rain, Let it pour away, We wont come down, Until we hit the ground and pass out! This shit was meant to last me 24 hrs man Yeah, They say hello, they say ‘ola and they say bonjour, I’m pissed I never got to fly on a Concord, I bin Southampton but I've never bin to Scunthorpe, I’m fucking crazy with the kicks, call me Jean Claude, About to be a bigger star than my mum thought, Cos every day i got a groupie at my front door, Now I drive past the bus I used to run for, Where’s my fucking clap, where’s my encore? I walk alone, cos I was born alone, I chirps her just for fun, I never ever call her phone, I leave her in the club, i never ever walk her home, DL the fuckin' foundation, I'm the cornerstone, I’m born famous, I’m sorta’ known, If your son doesn’t, I bet your daughter knows, Check out my visual, checkout my audio, Extra ordinary, yo, hope you enjoyed the show, Yeah (yeah) we bring the stars out, We bring the women and the cars and the cards out, Lets have a toast a celebration get a glass out, And we can do this until we pass out. (so) Let it rain, Let it pour away, We wont come down, Until we hit the ground and pass out! Woh ho, woh ho ho (etc) Uh, Look at me I been a cheeky bastard, Man 'im, Look at all the drama we started, Now I'm In here layin’ on my back, sayin’ DJ wont ya gimmie one more track [insert drum and bass riddims] I'll apologise for tonight, tomorrow morning (repeated during d&b) (so) Let it rain, Let it pour away, We won't come down, Until we hit the ground and pass out! (so) Let it rain, Let it pour away, We won't come down, Until we hit the ground and pass out! Pass out (echo) Pass out (echo) Passs outtttttttt",

"I heard that you're settled down That you found a girl and you're married now I heard that your dreams came true Guess she gave you things I didn't give to you Old friend, why are you so shy? Ain't like you to hold back or hide from the light I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah You know how the time flies Only yesterday was the time of our lives We were born and raised in a summer haze Bound by the surprise of our glory days I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah Nothing compares, no worries or cares Regrets and mistakes, they're memories made Who would have known how bittersweet this would taste? Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah...Oh, now Oh! Just shoot for the stars If it feels right Then aim for my heart If you feel like it Take me away And make it okay I swear I'll behave You wanted control So we waited I put on a show Now I'm naked You say I'm a kid My ego is big I don't give a shit And it goes like this Take me by the tongue and I'll know you Kiss me till you're drunk and I'll show you All the moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger Maybe it's hard When you feel like You're broken and scarred Nothing feels right But when you're with me I'll make you believe That I’ve got the key Oh, so get in the car You can ride it Wherever you want Get inside it And you wanna steer But I'm shifting gears I'll take it from here Oh yeah, yeah And it goes like this Take me by the tongue and I'll know you Kiss me till you're drunk and I'll show you All the moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger, woo I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger Uh, you wanna know How to make me smile Take control Own me just for the night Well, if I share my secret You're gonna have to keep it Nobody else can see this, eh, uh So watch and learn I won't show you twice Head to toe Ooh, baby, rub me right, yeah But if I share my secret You're gonna have to keep it Nobody else can see this Hey, hey, hey, yeah And it goes like this Take me by the tongue and I'll know you Kiss me till you're drunk and I'll show you All the moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger, woo! I don't need to try to control you Look into my eyes and I'll own you With them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like Jagger I've got them moves like JaggerParty rock! Yeah! Whoo! Let's go! Party rock is in the house tonight Everybody just have a good time (yeah) And we gon' make you lose your mind (whoo!) Everybody just have a good time (clap) Party rock is in the house tonight (oh) Everybody just have a good time (and the feeling's alright) And we gon' make you lose your mind (yeah) We just wanna see ya shake dat! In the club, party rock Lookin' for ya girl, she on my jock, huh Non-stop when we in the spot Booty movin' way like she own the block, whoo Where the drink? I gots to know Tight jeans, tattoo, 'cause I'm rock 'n' roll Half-black half-white domino Gain the money - Op-e-doe Yo, I'm runnin' through these hoes like Drano I got that devilish flow, rock 'n' roll, no halo We party rock! Yeah, that's the crew that I'm reppin' On the rise to the top, no ‘Led’ in our ‘Zeppelin’, hey Party rock is in the house tonight (whoo) Everybody just have a good time (yeah) And we gon' make you lose your mind Everybody just have a good time (let's go) Party rock is in the house tonight Everybody just have a good time (and we feelin' right) And we gon' make you lose your mind We just wanna see ya shake dat! Everyday I'm shufflin' Shufflin', shufflin' Step up fast And be the first girl to make me throw this cash We gettin' money, don't be mad And now stop - ...hatin' is bad One more shot for us, another round Please fill up my cup, don't mess around We just wanna see you shake it now Now you're home with me, you're naked now Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound Get up, get down, put your hands up to the sound (whoo) Put your hands up to the sound Put your hands up to the sound (let's go) Get up, get up, get up, get up Get up, get up, get up, get up (yeah) Get up, put your hands up to the sound To the sound (whoo!) Put your hands up, put your hands up Put your hands up, put your hands up Party rock is in the house tonight (put your hands up) (whoo) Everybody just have a good time (put your hands up) And we gon' make you lose your mind Everybody just have a good-good-good time Oh (put your hands up) Oh (I can feel it man) Oh (put your hands up) Oh (put your hands up) Shake dat! Everyday I'm shuff-fuf-fullin' Put your, put your Put your, put your (yeah!) Put your, put your (whoo) Put your, put your ..your hands up ..your hands up Put your hands up Every day I'm shufflin'Okay, Coconut Man, Moonheads, and Pea You ready? Seems like everybody's got a price I wonder how they sleep at night When the sale comes first And the truth comes second Just stop for a minute and smile Why is everybody so serious? Acting so damn mysterious Got your shades on your eyes And your heels so high That you can't even have a good time Everybody look to the left Everybody look to the right Can you feel that? (yeah) We're paying with love tonight It's not about the money, money, money We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag Ain't about the (uh) cha-ching, cha-ching Ain't about the (yeah) ba-bling, ba-bling Wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag (Okay!) We need to take it back in time When music made us all unite And it wasn't low blows and video hoes Am I the only one gettin' tired? Why is everybody so obsessed? Money can't buy us happiness Can we all slow down and enjoy right now? Guarantee we'll be feelin' alright Everybody look to the left, (to the left) Everybody look to the right, (to the right) Can you feel that? (yeah) We're paying with love tonight It's not about the money, money, money We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag Ain't about the (uh) cha-ching, cha-ching Ain't about the (yeah) ba-bling, ba-bling Wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag B.o.B: Yeah, yeah Well, keep the price tag And take the cash back Just give me six strings and a hashtag And you can keep the cars Leave me the garage And all I... Yes, all I need are keys and guitars And guess what, in thirty seconds, I'm leaving to Mars (Mars) Yeah, we leaping across ('cross) these undefeatable odds It's like this man, you can't put a price on a life We do this for the love so we fight and sacrifice every night So we ain't gon' stumble and fall, never Waiting to see or send a sign of defeat? Uh-uh So we gon' keep everyone moving their feet So bring back the beat and then everyone sing Jessie J and B.o.B: It's not about the money Jessie J: Money, money We don't need your money, money, money We just wanna make the world dance Forget about the price tag Ain't about the (uh) cha-ching, cha-ching Ain't about the (yeah) ba-bling, ba-bling Wanna make the world dance Forget about the price (Hey) tag (Hey) It's not about the money, money, money (We don't need it) We don't need your money, money, money (I don't, we don't need it) We just wanna make the world dance (dance, dance, dance) Forget about the price tag Ain't about the (yeah) cha-ching, cha-ching Ain't about the (it ain't about whoo!) ba-bling, ba-bling Wanna make the world dance (Yeah, yeah) Forget about the price tag (Forget about the price tag) Yeah, yeah Oo-oooh Forget about the price tagYellow diamonds in the light Now we're standing side by side As your shadow crosses mine What it takes to come alive It's the way I'm feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place Shine a light through an open door Love and life I will divide Turn away 'cause I need you more Feel the heartbeat in my mind It's the way I'm feeling I just can't deny But I've gotta let it go We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place Yellow diamonds in the light Now we're standing side by side As your shadow crosses mine We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless place We found love in a hopeless placePitbull Me not working hard? Yeah right picture that with a Kodak Or better yet, go to Times Square Take a picture of me with a Kodak Took my life from negative to positive I just want y'all to know that And tonight, let's enjoy life Pitbull, Nayer, Ne-Yo, that's right Ne-Yo Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight Nayer Don't care what they say All the games they play Nothing is enough Till they handle love (let's do it tonight) I want you tonight I want you to stay I want you tonight Ne-Yo Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Pitbull Take advantage of tonight 'Cause tomorrow I'm off to Dubai to perform for a princess But tonight I can make you my queen And make love to you endless It's insane the way the name growin' money keep flowin' Hustlers move in silence so I'm tip-toein' to keep blowin' I got it locked up like Lindsay Lohan Put it on my life baby I'll make you feel right baby Can't promise tomorrow But I promise tonight... dale! Excuse me If I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me if I could tonight And baby, I'mma make you feel so good tonight 'Cause we might not get tomorrow Ne-Yo Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight Nayer Don't care what they say All the games they play Nothing is enough Till they handle love (let's do it tonight) I want you tonight I want you to stay I want you tonight Ne-Yo Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Pitbull Reach for the stars And if you don't grab 'em at least you'll fall on top of the world Thank about it 'cause if you slip I'm gon' fall on top of your girl (ha ha) What I'm involved in is deeper than the Mason's Baby baby, and it ain't no secret My family's from Cuba But I'm an American Idol gettin' money like Seacrest Put it on my life baby I'll make you feel right baby Can't promise tomorrow But I promise tonight... dale! Excuse me If I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me if I could tonight And baby I'mma make you feel so good tonight'Cause we might not get tomorrow Ne-Yo Tonight I want all of you tonight Give me everything tonight For all we know we might not get tomorrow Let's do it tonight Nayer Don't care what they say All the games they play Nothing is enough Till they handle love (let's do it tonight) I want you tonight I want you to stay I want you tonight Ne-Yo Grab somebody sexy, tell 'em hey (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Give me everything tonight (hey) Pitbull Excuse me If I might drink a little more than I should tonight And I might take you home with me if I could tonight And baby I'mma make you feel so good tonight 'Cause we might not get tomorrowEasy come, easy go, that's just how you live Oh, take, take, take it all, but you never give Should've known you was trouble from the first kiss Had your eyes wide open, why were they open? Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash You tossed it in the trash, you did To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for you, baby But you won't do the same No, no, no, no Black, black, black and blue, beat me till I'm numb Tell the devil I said, hey, when you get back to where you're from Mad woman, bad woman, that's just what you are Yeah, you'll smile in my face then rip the brakes out my car Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash You tossed it in the trash, yes you did To give me all your love is all I ever asked 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for ya, baby But you won't do the same If my body was on fire Ooh, you'd watch me burn down in flames You said you loved me, you're a liar 'Cause you never, ever, ever did, baby But darling, I'd still catch a grenade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Throw my hand on a blade for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) I'd jump in front of a train for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) You know I'd do anything for ya (yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, I would go through all this pain Take a bullet straight through my brain Yes, I would die for you, baby But you won't do the same No, you won't do the same You wouldn't do the same Ooh, you never do the same No, no, no, noWhite lips, pale face, breathing in snowflakes Burnt lungs, sour taste Light's gone, day's end, struggling to pay rent Long nights, strange men And they say she's in the Class A Team Stuck in her daydream, been this way since 18 But lately her face seems slowly sinking, wasting Crumbling like pastries, they scream The worst things in life come free to us 'Cause we're just under the upperhand And go mad for a couple grams And she don't want to go outside tonight And in a pipe she flies to the motherland Or sells love to another man It's too cold outside for angels to fly Angels to fly Ripped gloves, raincoat, tried to swim, stay afloat Dry house, wet clothes Loose change, bank notes, weary-eyed, dry throat Call girl, no phone And they say she's in the Class A Team Stuck in her daydream, been this way since 18 But lately her face seems slowly sinking, wasting Crumbling like pastries, they scream The worst things in life come free to us 'Cause we're just under the upperhand And go mad for a couple grams But she don't want to go outside tonight And in a pipe she flies to the motherland Sells love to another man It's too cold outside for angels to fly An angel will die, covered in white Closed eye and hoping for a better life This time, we'll fade out tonight Straight down the line And they say she's in the Class A Team Stuck in her daydream, been this way since 18 But lately her face seems slowly sinking, wasting Crumbling like pastries, they scream The worst things in life come free to us And we're all under the upper hand Go mad for a couple grams And we don't want to go outside tonight In a pipe, fly to the motherland Or sell love to another man It's too cold outside for angels to fly Angels to fly To fly, fly For angels to fly To fly, to fly Angels to dieThere's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch and it's bringin' me out the dark Finally, I can see you crystal clear Go ahead and sell me out and I'll lay your shit bare See how I'll leave with every piece of you Don't underestimate the things that I will do There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch and it's bringin' me out the dark The scars of your love remind me of us They keep me thinkin' that we almost had it all The scars of your love, they leave me breathless I can't help feeling We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Baby, I have no story to be told But I've heard one on you and I'm gonna make your head burn Think of me in the depths of your despair Make a home down there as mine sure won't be shared (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love remind me of us (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) They keep me thinking that we almost had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love, they leave me breathless (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) I can't help feeling We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Could have had it all Rolling in the deep You had my heart inside of your hand But you played it with a beating Throw your soul through every open door (Wohh ho ho oh) Count your blessings to find what you look for (Wohh oh oh oh) Turn my sorrow into treasured gold (Wohh ho ho oh) You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you sow (You're gonna wish you never had met me) We could have had it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) It all, it all, it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) Could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) But you played it, you played it, you played it You played it to the beatPitbull: J. Lo! The other side, out my mine Jennifer Lopez: It's a new generation (Mr. Worldwide) Of party people Pitbull: Now, Get on the floor, dale! Get on the floor (Red One!) Jennifer Lopez: Let me introduce you to my party people In the club,huh (-ho,-ho) Pitbull: I'm loose (-oose) And everybody knows I get off the train Baby, it's the truth (it's the truth) I'm like Inception , I play with your brain So don't sleep or snooze (snooze) I don't play no games so d-d-d-don't get it confused, no 'Cause you will lose, yeah Now p-p-p-pump it up And back it up like a Tonka truck, dale Jennifer Lopez: If you go hard, you gotta get on the floor (Whoa!) If you're a party freak then step on the floor (Yeah) If you're an animal then tear up the floor Break a sweat on the floor Yeah we work on the floor (Yeah) Don't stop, keep it moving Put your drinks up! (Whoa!) Pick your body up and drop it on the floor (Whoa!) Let the rhythm change your world on the floor You know we're running sh*t tonighton the floor Brazil, Morocco London to Ibiza Straight to L.A., New York Vegas to Africa (Dale!) Dance the night away Live your life and stay young on the floor Dance the night away Grab somebody, drink a little more (......It's about time, it's about time, it's about time) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(Whoa!) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(Hey,what's wrong?) I know you got it clap your hands on the floor (Whoa!) And keep on rockin', rock it up on the floor (Yeah) If you're a criminal, kill it on the floor Steal it quick on the floor ...On the floor, on the floor (Yeah) Don't stop, keep it moving Put your drinks up! (Whoa!) It's getting ill, it's getting sick on the floor (Whoa!) We never quit, we never rest on the floor (Yeah) If I ain't wrong we'll probably die on the floor Brazil, Morocco London to Ibiza Straight to L.A., New York Vegas to Africa (Dale!) Dance the night away Live your life and stay young on the floor (Now, dale, it's about time) Dance the night away Grab somebody, drink a little more (Dale, It's about time, it's about time, it's about time) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor (Hey, what's wrong?) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor (Ye-blaaaaaaaahh!......) Pitbull: That badonkadonk is like a trunk full of bass On an old school Chevy 7 trail donka truck All I need is some vodka and some chunka coke And watch a chicka get Donkey Konged Baby if you're ready for things to get heavy I get on the floor and act a fool if you let me (dale!) Don't believe me just vet me My name ain't Keith but I see why you Sweat me L.A., Miami, New York Say no more, get on the floor! (Whoa!) La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor La la la... Tonight we gon' be it on the floor La la la... (Whoa!) Tonight we gon' be it on the floor(-or)!",

"Now and then I think of when we were together Like when you said you felt so happy you could die Told myself that you were right for me But felt so lonely in your company But that was love and it's an ache I still remember You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness Like resignation to the end, always the end So when we found that we could not make sense Well you said that we would still be friends But I'll admit that I was glad it was over But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now you're just somebody that I used to know Now and then I think of all the times you screwed me over But had me believing it was always something that I'd done But I don't wanna live that way Reading into every word you say You said that you could let it go And I wouldn't catch you hung up on somebody that you used to know But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough No you didn't have to stoop so low Have your friends collect your records and then change your number I guess that I don't need that though Now you're just somebody that I used to know Somebody I used to know Somebody Now you're just somebody that I used to know Somebody I used to know Somebody Now you're just somebody that I used to know I used to know That I used to know I used to know SomebodyI threw a wish in the well Don't ask me, I'll never tell I looked to you as it fell And now you're in my way I trade my soul for a wish Pennies and dimes for a kiss I wasn't looking for this But now you're in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're going, baby? Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe You took your time with the call I took no time with the fall You gave me nothing at all But still, you're in my way I beg and borrow and steal Have foresight, and it's real I didn't know I would feel it But it's in my way Your stare was holdin' Ripped jeans, skin was showin' Hot night, wind was blowin' Where you think you're going, baby? Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad I missed you so bad, I missed you so, so bad Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad And you should know that, I missed you so, so bad It's hard to look right at you, baby But here's my number, so call me maybe Hey, I just met you and this is crazy But here's my number, so call me maybe And all the other boys try to chase me But here's my number, so call me maybe Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad I missed you so bad, I missed you so, so bad Before you came into my life, I missed you so bad And you should know that, so call me maybeGive me a second I, I need to get my story straight My friends are in the bathroom getting higher than the Empire State My lover, she is waiting for me just across the bar My seat's been taken by some sunglasses asking 'bout a scar And I know I gave it to you months ago I know you're trying to forget But between the drinks and subtle things The holes in my apologies, you know I'm tryin' hard to take it back So if by the time the bar closes And you feel like falling down I'll carry you home Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Now, I know that I'm not all that you got I guess that I, I just thought Maybe we could find new ways to fall apart But our friends are back So let's raise a toast 'Cause I found someone to carry me home Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Just carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) Just carry me home tonight (na na na na na na) The moon is on my side I have no reason to run So will someone come and carry me home tonight? The angels never arrived But I can hear the choir So will someone come and carry me home? Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun Tonight, we are young So let's set the world on fire We can burn brighter than the sun So if by the time the bar closes And you feel like falling down I'll carry you home tonightYou shout it out But I can't hear a word you say Talking loud Not saying much Criticize But all your bullets ricochet Shoot me down But I get up I'm bulletproof Nothing to lose Fire away, fire away Ricochet You take your aim Fire away, fire away You shoot me down But I won't fall I am titanium You shoot me down But I won't fall I am titanium Cut me down But it's you who'll have further to fall Ghost town Haunted love Raise your voice Sticks and stones may break my bones Talking loud Not saying much I'm bulletproof Nothing to lose Fire away, fire away Ricochet You take your aim Fire away, fire away You shoot me down But I won't fall I am titanium You shoot me down But I won't fall I am titanium I am titanium I am titanium Stone heart Machine gun Firing at the ones who run Stone heart Loves bulletproof glass You shoot me down But I won't fall I am titanium You shoot me down But I won't fall I am titanium You shoot me down But I won't fall I am titanium You shoot me down But I won't fall I am titanium I am titaniumI remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love I did And You were strong and I was not My illusion, my mistake I was careless I forgot I did And now when all is done There is nothing to say You have gone and so effortlessly You have won You can go ahead tell them Tell them all I know now Shout it from the roof tops Write it on the sky line All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy And my heart is broken All my scars are open Tell them what I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Falling out of love is hard Falling for betrayal is worst Broken trust and broken hearts I know, I know Thinking all you need is there Building faith on love and words Empty promises will wear I know, I know And now when all is gone There is nothing to say And if you're done with embarrassing me On your own you can go ahead tell them Tell them all I know now Shout it from the roof tops Write it on the sky line All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy And my heart is broken All my scars are open Tell them what I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible I remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love I did Tell them all I know now Shout it from the roof tops Write it on the sky line All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy And my heart is broken I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 낮에는 따사로운 인간적인 여자 커피 한잔의 여유를 아는 품격 있는 여자 밤이 오면 심장이 뜨거워지는 여자 그런 반전 있는 여자 나는 사나이 낮에는 너만큼 따사로운 그런 사나이 커피 식기도 전에 원샷 때리는 사나이 밤이 오면 심장이 터져버리는 사나이 그런 사나이 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 지금부터 갈 데까지 가볼까 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 정숙해 보이지만 놀 땐 노는 여자 이때다 싶으면 묶었던 머리 푸는 여자 가렸지만 웬만한 노출보다 야한 여자 그런 감각적인 여자 나는 사나이 점잖아 보이지만 놀 땐 노는 사나이 때가 되면 완전 미쳐버리는 사나이 근육보다 사상이 울퉁불퉁한 사나이 그런 사나이 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 아름다워 사랑스러워 그래 너 hey 그래 바로 너 hey 지금부터 갈 데까지 가볼까 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 강남스타일 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 뛰는 놈 그 위에 나는 놈 Baby baby 나는 뭘 좀 아는 놈 뛰는 놈 그 위에 나는 놈 Baby baby 나는 뭘 좀 아는 놈 You know what I'm saying 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 오빤 강남스타일 Aye, sexy lady Aye, sexy lady 에에에에에에 오빤 강남스타일(RedOne...) Oh, let's go to the beach, each Let's go get a wave They say, what they gonna say? Have a drink, clink Found the Bud Lite Bad bitches {1} like me Is hard to come by The Patrón, on Let's go get it on The zone, own Yes I'm in the zone Is it two, three? Leave a good tip I'mma blow off my money And don't give two shits I'm on the floor, floor I love to dance So give me more, more Till I can't stand Get on the floor, floor Like it's your last chance If you want more, more Then here I am Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Can't stop 'cause we're so high Let's do this one more time Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Let's do this one last time Hands up... (We're higher than a motherfucker){2} (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker) Jump in my hoopty-hoopty-hoop I own that And I ain't paying My rent this month I owe that But fuck who you want {3} And fuck who you like Dance all ya life There's no end in sight Twinkle twinkle little star Now everybody let me hear You say ray ray ray Now spend all your money 'Cause today pay day And if you're a G You a G-G-G My name is Onika You can call me Nicki Get on the floor, floor Like it's your last chance If you want more, more Then here I am Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Can't stop 'cause we're so high Let's do this one more time Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Let's do this one last time Hands up... (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker) Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Can't stop 'cause we're so high Let's do this one more time Starships were meant to fly Hands up and touch the sky Let's do this one last time Hands up... (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker) (We're higher than a motherfucker)I'm feeling sexy and free Like glitter's raining on me You're like a shot of pure gold I think I'm 'bout to explode I can taste the tension like a cloud of smoke in the air Now I'm breathing like I'm running, 'cause you're taking me there Don't you know... you spin me out of control? Ooh ooh ooh ooh We can do this all night Damn, this love is skin tight Baby, come on! Ooh ooh ooh ooh Booming like a bass drum Sparking up a rhythm Baby, come on! Ooh ooh ooh ooh Rock my world until the sunlight Make this dream the best I've ever known Dirty dancing in the moonlight Take me down like I'm a domino Every second is a highlight When we touch, don't ever let me go Dirty dancing in the moonlight Take me down like I'm a domino You got me losing my mind My heart beats out of time I'm seeing Hollywood stars You strum me like a guitar I can taste the tension like a cloud of smoke in the air Now I'm breathing like I'm running, 'cause you're taking me there Don't you know... you spin me out of control? Ooh ooh ooh ooh We can do this all night Damn, this love is skin tight Baby, come on! Ooh ooh ooh ooh Booming like a bass drum Sparking up a rhythm Baby, come on! Ooh ooh ooh ooh Rock my world until the sunlight Make this dream the best I've ever known Dirty dancing in the moonlight Take me down like I'm a domino Every second is a highlight When we touch, don't ever let me go Dirty dancing in the moonlight Take me down like I'm a domino Ooh baby, baby, got me feeling so right Ooh baby, baby, dancing in the moonlight Ooh baby, baby, got me feeling so right Ooh baby, baby, dancing in the moonlight Ooh baby, baby, got me feeling so right Ooh baby, baby, dancing in the moonlight Ooh baby, baby, got me feeling so right Ooh baby, baby Ooh ooh ooh ooh Rock my world until the sunlight Make this dream the best I've ever known Dirty dancing in the moonlight Take me down like I'm a domino Every second is a highlight When we touch, don't ever let me go Dirty dancing in the moonlight Take me down like I'm a dominoMaroon 5: I'm at a payphone trying to call home All of my change I spent on you Where have the times gone Baby, it's all wrong, where are the plans we made for two Yeah, I, I know it's hard to remember the people we used to be It's even harder to picture that you're not here next to me You say it's too late to make it but is it too late to try And in that time that you wasted, all of our bridges burned down I've wasted my nights, you turned out the lights Now I'm paralyzed still stuck in that time When we called it love But even the sun sets in paradise I'm at a payphone trying to call home All of my change, I spent on you Where have the times gone Baby, it's all wrong, where are the plans we made for two If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this And all those fairytales are full of shit One more fucking love song I'll be sick, oh You turned your back on tomorrow, 'cause you forgot yesterday I gave you my love to borrow, but you just gave it away You can't expect me to be fine, I don't expect you to care I know I said it before, but all of our bridges burned down I've wasted my nights, you turned out the lights Now I'm paralyzed, still stuck in that time When we called it love But even the sun sets in paradise I'm at a payphone trying to call home All of my change, I spent on you Where have the times gone Baby, it's all wrong, where are the plans we made for two If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this And all those fairytales are full of shit One more fucking love song I'll be sick, now I'm at a payphone Wiz Khalifa: Man, fuck that shit, I'll be out spending all this money While you sitting around wondering Why it wasn't you who came up from nothing Made it from the bottom, now when you see me I'm stunnin' And all of my cars start with the push of a button Telling me I changed since I blew up or whatever you call it Switched the number to my phone so you never could call it Don't need my name on my shirt, you can tell that I'm ballin' Swish, what a shame, coulda got picked Had a really good game but you missed your last shot So you talk about who you see at the top, or what you could've saw But sad to say it's over for, Phantom pulled up, valet open doors Wished I go away, got what you was looking for, now It's me who they want So you can go take that little piece of shit with you Maroon 5: I'm at a payphone trying to call home All of my change, I spent on you Where have the times gone Baby, it's all wrong, where are the plans we made for two If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this And all these fairytales are full of shit And one more fucking love song I'll be sick, now I'm at a payphone[Sia] Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooh If I took you home, it'd be a home run Show me how you'll do I want to shut down the club with you Hey I heard you like the wild ones, oooh [Flo Rida] I like crazy, foolish, stupid Party going wild, fist pumping music, I might lose it Blast through the roof, That's how we do's it, do's it, do's it I don't care tonight, she don't care We like almost there, the right vibe Ready to get live, ain't no surprise Take me so high, jumping those dives Surfin' the crowd Oooh oooh Said I gotta be the man, I'm the head of my fam, Mike check, one two, oooh Shut them down in the club when the Playboy does, And they all get loose, loose Out the bottle, we all get bent and again tomorrowGotta break rules 'cause that's the motto Club shut down, a hundred supermodels [Sia] Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooh If I took you home, it'd be a home run Show me how you'll do I want to shut down the club with you Hey I heard you like the wild ones, oooh [Flo Rida] Party rocker, fo' sho' stopper More shampoo Number one club popper Got a hangover like too much vodka Can't see me with ten binoculars So cool No doubt by the end of the night Got the clothes coming off Then I make that move Somehow, someway, gotta raise the roof, roof All black shades when the sun come through Oh, it's on like everything goes Riled up baby to the freaky show What happens to that body is a private show Stays right here, pri-private show I like 'em untamed, don't tell me 'bout pain Tell 'em this, bottoms up with the champagne My life, coming harder than we hit play Do you busy with the bail, were you insane? [Sia] Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooh If I took you home, it'd be a home run Show me how you'll do I want to shut down the club with you Hey I heard you like the wild ones, oooh I am a wild one, break me in Saddle me up and let's begin I am a wild one, tame me now Running with wolves, and I'm on the prowl [Flo Rida] I show you another side of me A side you would never thought you'd see Tear up that body, dominate you, till you had enough I heard you like the wilds, don't lie [Sia] Hey I heard you were a wild one, oooh If I took you home, it'd be a home run Show me how you'll do I want to shut down the club with you Hey I heard you like the wild ones, oooh I am a wild one, break me in Saddle me up and let's begin I am a wild one, tame me now Running with wolves, and I'm on the prowl",

"Everybody get up Ooh Everybody get up (hey, hey, hey) (Hey, hey, hey) Oh (Hey, hey, hey) Wooh Turn it up If you can't hear what I'm trying to say If you can't read from the same page Maybe I'm going deaf (hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm going blind (hey, hey, hey) Maybe I'm out of my mind (hey, hey, hey) (Everybody get up) Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature Just let me liberate you (hey, hey, hey) You don't need no papers (hey, hey, hey) That man is not your maker (hey, hey, hey) And that's why I'm gon' take a good girl I know you want it I know you want it I know you want it You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (oh yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted I hate these blurred lines I know you want it (yeah) I know you want it (oh yeah yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl (hey) The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty (hey, hey, hey) Go ahead, get at me (Everybody get up) (come on) What do they make dreams for When you got them jeans on? What do we need steam for? You the hottest bitch in this place! I feel so lucky (hey, hey, hey) You wanna hug me (hey, hey, hey) What rhymes with hug me? (hey, hey, hey) (Everybody get up) Okay, now he was close Tried to domesticate you But you're an animal Baby, it's in your nature (a-ha) Just let me liberate you (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) You don't need no papers (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) That man is not your maker (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) And that's why I'm gon' take a good girl I know you want it (ooh) I know you want it (hey, hey) I know you want it (ooh) You're a good girl Can't let it get past me (ooh) (yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted (Everybody get up) I hate these blurred lines (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it (I hate them lines) I know you want it But you're a good girl (good girl) The way you grab me (Hustle Gang, Homie) Must wanna get nasty (Let go, I said rock) Go ahead, get at me One thing I ask you Let me be the one you back that ass into (come on) Go from Malibu to Paribu Yeah, I had a bitch, but she ain't bad as you So hit me up when you passing through I'll give you something big enough to tear your ass in two Swag on, even when you dress casual I mean it's not almost unbearable Then, honey, you're not there when I'm With my foresight bitch you pay me by Nothing like your last guy, he too square for you He don't smack that ass and pull your hair like that So I jail watch (jail watch) Hand wave (hand wave) for you to salute And choose but you didn't pick Not many women can refuse this pimpin' But I'm a nice guy, but you get it if you get with me Shake the vibe, get down (Ooh) Get up Do it like it hurt Like it hurt What you doing like work Hey yeah, hey (everybody get up) Baby, can you breathe? I got this from Jamaica It always works for me Dakota to Decatur (a-ha) No more pretending (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) 'Cause now you in it (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) Here's our beginning (hey, hey, hey) (a-ha) I always wanted a good girl I know you want it (ooh) (hey) I know you want it I know you want it (ooh) You're a good girl (hey, yeah) Can't let it get past me (ooh) (hey yeah) You're far from plastic (alright) Talk about getting blasted I hate these blurred lines (everybody get up) I know you want it (ooh) (hey) I know you want it (oh yeah, yeah) I know you want it But you're a good girl (hey) The way you grab me (ooh) Must wanna get nasty (hey, hey, hey) Go ahead, get at me (ooh) Everybody get up (ooh) Everybody get up (ooh) Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey (ooh) Hey, hey, heyLike the legend of the phoenix, huh All ends with beginnings What keeps the planets spinning, uh huh The force from the beginning, huh, look We've come too far To give up who we are So let's raise the bar And our cups to the stars She's up all night 'til the sun I'm up all night to get some She's up all night for good fun I'm up all night to get lucky We're up all night 'til the sun We're up all night to get some We're up all night for good fun We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky The present has no ribbon Your gift keeps on giving What is this I'm feeling? If you want to leave, I'm with it, uh huh We've come too far To give up who we are So let's raise the bar And our cups to the stars She's up all night 'til the sun I'm up all night to get some She's up all night for good fun I'm up all night to get lucky We're up all night 'til the sun We're up all night to get some We're up all night for good fun We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get We're up all night to get together We're up all night to get (Oh, we might get funked again) We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky (We're up all night to get lucky) We've come too far (We're up all night to get lucky) To give up (We're up all night to get lucky) Who we are (We're up all night to get lucky) So let's (We're up all night to get lucky) Raise the bar (We're up all night to get lucky) And our cups (We're up all night to get lucky) To the stars (We're up all night to get lucky) She's up all night 'til the sun I'm up all night to get some She's up all night for good fun I'm up all night to get lucky We're up all night 'til the sun We're up all night to get some We're up all night for good fun We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get lucky We're up all night to get luckyFeeling my way through the darkness Guided by a beating heart I can't tell where the journey will end But I know where to start They tell me I'm too young to understand They say I'm caught up in a dream My life will pass me by if I don't open up my eyes So that's fine by me So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I'm older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I'm older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost I tried carrying the weight of the world But I only have two hands Hope I get the chance to travel the world But I don't have any plans Wish that I could stay forever this young Not afraid to close my eyes Life's a game made for everyone And love is the prize So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I’m older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost So wake me up when it's all over When I'm wiser and I’m older All this time I was finding myself And I didn't know I was lost I didn't know I was lost I didn't know I was lost I didn't know I was lost I didn't know I was lostWell you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go And you let her go Staring at the bottom of your glass Hoping one day, you'll make a dream last But dreams come slow and they go so fast You see her when you close your eyes Maybe one day you'll understand why Everything you touch surely dies But you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go Staring at the ceiling in the dark Same old empty feeling in your heart 'Cause love comes slow and it goes so fast Well you see her when you fall asleep But never to touch and never to keep 'Cause you loved her too much and you dived too deep Well you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go And you let her go And you let her go Well you let her go 'Cause you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go 'Cause you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go And you let her goHush, don't speak When you spit your venom, keep it shut I hate it When you hiss and preach About your new messiah 'cause your theories catch fire I can't find those silver linings I don't mean to judge But when you read your speech, it's tiring Enough is enough I'm covering my ears like a kid When your words mean nothing, I go la la la I'm turning up the volume when you speak 'Cause if my heart can't stop it, I find a way to block it, I go La la, la la la... La la, la la la... I find a way to block it, I go La la, la la la... La la, la la la... Yes our love is running out of time I won't count the hours, rather be a coward When our words collide I'm gonna drown you out before I lose my mind I can't find those silver linings I don't mean to judge But when you read your speech, it's tiring Enough is enough I'm covering my ears like a kid When your words mean nothing, I go la la la I'm turning up the volume when you speak 'Cause if my heart can't stop it, I find a way to block it, I go La la la la la... La la la la la... I find a way to block it, I go La la la la la... La la la la la... I find a way to block it, oh La la la la la... La la la la la... I find a way to block it, I go La la la la la... La la la la la... I'm covering my ears like a kid When your words mean nothing, I go la la la I'm turning up the volume when you speak 'Cause if my heart can't stop it, I find a way to block it, I go I'm covering my ears like a kid When your words mean nothing, I go la la la I'm turning up the volume when you speak 'Cause if my heart can't stop it, I find a way to block it, I go La la la la la... La la la la la... La la la la la... La la la la la...I used to bite my tongue and hold my breath Scared to rock the boat and make a mess So I sat quietly Agreed politely I guess that I forgot I had a choice I let you push me past the breaking point I stood for nothing So I fell for everything You held me down, but I got up Already brushing off the dust You hear my voice, you hear that sound Like thunder, gonna shake the ground You held me down, but I got up Get ready 'cause I've had enough I see it all, I see it now I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter Dancin' through the fire 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar Now I'm floatin' like a butterfly Stinging like a bee, I earned my stripes I went from zero To my own hero You held me down, but I got up Already brushing off the dust You hear my voice, you hear that sound Like thunder, gonna shake the ground You held me down, but I got up Get ready 'cause I've had enough I see it all, I see it now I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter Dancin' through the fire 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar ... oh-oh-oh-ohh (hey) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (you'll hear me roar) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar Roar, oh, roar, oh, roar I got the eye of the tiger, a fighter (I got the eye of the tiger) Dancin' through the fire (dancin' through the fire) 'Cause I am the champion (yeah) And you're gonna hear me roar Louder, louder than the lion (roar louder) 'Cause I am the champion And you're gonna hear me roar (you're gonna hear me roar) ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (yeah) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar (roar) ... oh-oh-oh-ohh Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh (you'll hear me roar) Ohh-oh-oh-oh-ohh You're gonna hear me roar (hear me roar)Hey, Macklemore, can we go thrift shopping? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Ow, ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome Now, walk into the club like ‘What up? I got a big cock!’ Nah, I'm just pumped, bought some shit from a thrift shop (Ho!) Ice on the fringe is so damn frosty The people like ‘Damn, that's a cold-ass honky!’ Rolling in hella deep, headed to the mezzanine Dressed in all pink except my gator shoes, those are green (Ho!) Draped in a leopard mink, girl standing next to me Probably shoulda washed this, smells like R. Kelly's sheets (Piss) But shit, it was ninety-nine cents! Bag it, copping it, washing it, 'bout to go and get some compliments Passing up on those moccasins someone else been has walking in Bummy and grudgy, fucking it, I am stunting and flossing and Saving my money and I'm hella happy, that's a bargain, bitch Imma take your grandpa's style Imma take your grandpa's style No for real, ask your grandpa Can I have his hand-me-downs? (Thank you!) Velour jumpsuit and some house slippers Dookie brown leather jacket that I found, dig it They had a broken keyboard, I bought a broken keyboard I bought a skeet blanket, then I bought a knee board (Ho!) Hello, hello, my ace man, my Mello John Wayne ain't got nothing on my fringe game, hell no I could take some Pro Wings, make them cool, sell those The sneaker heads would be like ‘Ah, he got the Velcros!’ (Ho!) I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome Ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome What you know about rocking a wolf on your noggin? What you knowing about wearing a fur fox skin? (Ho!) I'm digging, I'm digging, I'm searching right through that luggage One man's trash, that's another man's come up (Ho!) Thank your granddad for donating that plaid button- Up shirt, 'cause right now, I'm up in here stuntin' I'm at the Goodwill, you can find me in the (Uptons) I'm that, I'm that sucker searching in this section (Uptons) Your grammy, your aunty, your momma, your mammy I'll take those flannel zebra jammies, secondhand and rock that motherfucker The built-in onesie with the socks on that motherfucker I hit the party and they stop in that motherfucker (Ho!) They be like ‘Oh that Gucci, that's hella tight!’ I'm like ‘Yo, that's fifty dollars for a t-shirt!’ Limited edition, let's do some simple addition Fifty dollars for a t-shirt, that's just some ignorant bitch shit I call that getting swindled and pimped, shit I call that getting tricked by a business (Ho!) That shirt's hella dough And having the same one as six other people in this club is a hella don't (Ho!) Peep game, come take a look through my telescope Trying to get girls from a brand, man, you hella won't (Ho!) Man, you hella won't Ho! (Goodwill... poppin' tags... yeah) Ow, ow I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome (Ho!) I'll wear your granddad's clothes I look incredible I'm in this big ass coat From that thrift shop down the road I wear your granddad's clothes (damn right) I look incredible (Now, c'mon, man) I'm in this big ass coat (big ass coat) From that thrift shop down the road (let's go) I'm gonna pop some tags Only got twenty dollars in my pocket (Ho!) I'm, I'm, I'm hunting, looking for a come up This is fucking awesome (Ho!) Ha, ha, ha Is that your grandma's coat?Right from the start You were a thief, you stole my heart And I your willing victim I let you see the parts of me That weren't all that pretty And with every touch you fixed them Now you've been talking in your sleep, oh, oh Things you never say to me, oh, oh Tell me that you've had enough Of our love, our love Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again I'm sorry, I don't understand Where all of this is coming from I thought that we were fine (Oh, we had everything) Your head is running wild again My dear, we still have everythin' And it's all in your mind (Yeah, but this is happening) You've been havin' real bad dreams, oh, oh You still lie so close to me, oh, oh There's nothing more than empty sheets Between our love, our love Oh, our love, our love, oh Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again I never stopped You're still written in the scars On my heart, you're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Our tear ducts and rust I'll fix it for us We're collecting dust But our love's enough You're holding it in You're pouring a drink No, nothing is as bad as it seems We'll come clean Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again Oh, we can learn to love again Oh, we can learn to love again Oh-oh, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love againLately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard Said, no more counting dollars We'll be counting stars Yeah, we'll be counting stars I see this life like a swinging vine Swing my heart across the line In my face is flashing signs Seek it out and ye shall find Old, but I'm not that old Young, but I'm not that bold And I don't think the world is sold I'm just doing what we're told I feel something so right Doing the wrong thing I feel something so wrong Doing the right thing I couldn't lie, couldn't lie, couldn't lie Everything that kills me makes me feel alive Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard Said, no more counting dollars We'll be counting stars Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard Said, no more counting dollars We'll be, we'll be counting stars I feel the love, and I feel it burn Down this river, every turn Hope is our four-letter word Make that money, watch it burn Old, but I'm not that old Young, but I'm not that bold And I don't think the world is sold I'm just doing what we're told I feel something so wrong Doing the right thing I couldn't lie, couldn't lie, couldn't lie Everything that drowns me makes me want to fly Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard Said, no more counting dollars We'll be counting stars Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard Said, no more counting dollars We'll be, we'll be counting stars Take that money Watch it burn Sink in the river The lessons I learnt Take that money Watch it burn Sink in the river The lessons I learnt Take that money Watch it burn Sink in the river The lessons I learnt Take that money Watch it burn Sink in the river The lessons I learnt Everything that kills me Makes me feel alive Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard Said, no more counting dollars We'll be counting stars Lately, I've been, I've been losing sleep Dreaming about the things that we could be But baby, I've been, I've been prayin' hard Said, no more counting dollars We'll be, we'll be counting stars Take that money Watch it burn Sink in the river The lessons I learnt Take that money Watch it burn Sink in the river The lessons I learnt Take that money Watch it burn Sink in the river The lessons I learnt Take that money Watch it burn Sink in the river The lessons I learntAren't you somethin' to admire Cause your shine is somethin' like a mirror And I can't help but notice You reflect in this heart of mine If you ever feel alone and The glare makes me hard to find Just know that I'm always Parallel on the other side Cause with your hand in my hand and a pocket full of soul I can tell you there's no place we couldn't go Just put your hand on the glass I'm here tryin' to pull you through You just gotta be strong Cause I don't wanna lose you now I'm lookin' right at the other half of me The vacancy that sat in my heart Is a space that now you hold Show me how to fight for now And I'll tell you, baby, it was easy Comin' back here to you once I figured it out You were right here all along It's like you're my mirror My mirror staring back at me I couldn't get any bigger With anyone else beside me And now it's clear as this promise That we're making Two reflections into one Cause it's like you're my mirror My mirror staring back at me, staring back at me Aren't you somethin', an original Cause it doesn't seem really as sample And I can't help but stare, cause I see truth somewhere in your eyes I can't ever change without you You reflect me, I love that about you And if I could, I Would look at us all the time Cause with your hand in my hand and a pocket full of soul I can tell you there's no place we couldn't go Just put your hand on the glass I'm here tryin' to pull you through You just gotta be strong Cause I don't wanna lose you now I'm lookin' right at the other half of me The vacancy that sat in my heart Is a space that now you hold Show me how to fight for now And I'll tell you, baby, it was easy Comin' back here to you once I figured it out You were right here all along It's like you're my mirror My mirror staring back at me I couldn't get any bigger With anyone else beside me And now it's clear as this promise That we're making Two reflections into one Cause it's like you're my mirror My mirror staring back at me, staring back at me Yesterday is history Tomorrow's a mystery I can see you lookin' back at me Keep your eyes on me Baby, keep your eyes on me Cause I don't wanna lose you now I'm lookin' right at the other half of me The vacancy that sat in my heart Is a space that now you hold Show me how to fight for now And I'll tell you, baby, it was easy Comin' back here to you once I figured it out You were right here all along It's like you're my mirror My mirror staring back at me I couldn't get any bigger With anyone else beside me And now it's clear as this promise That we're making Two reflections into one Cause it's like you're my mirror My mirror staring back at me, staring back at me You are, you are the love of my life Baby, you're the inspiration of this precious song And I just wanna see your face light up since you put me on So now I say goodbye to the old me, it's already gone And I can't wait wait wait wait wait to get you home Just to let you know, you are Girl you're my reflection, all I see is you My reflection, in everything I do You're my reflection and all I see is you My reflection, in everything I do You are, you are the love of my life",

"It might seem crazy what I'm 'bout to say Sunshine she's here, you can take a break I'm a hot air balloon that could go to space With the air, like I don't care baby by the way Huh (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do Here come bad news talkin' this and that (Yeah) Well, give me all you got and don't hold it back (Yeah) Well, I should probably warn you I'll be just fine (Yeah) No offense to you, don't waste your time Here's why (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Hey, come on) (Uh) (Happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Uh, say what? Huh) (Happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Huh) (Happy) Bring me down, I said (Let me tell you now) (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Happy, happy, happy, happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy) Bring me down, I said (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do, yeah (Hey, come on) (Uh) (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy, happy, happy) Bring me down, the love is too high (Happy, happy, happy, happy) To bring me down, can't nothin' (Happy, happy) Bring me down, I said (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you, ay ay ay (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you want to do (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like a room without a roof (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like happiness is the truth (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you know what happiness is to you, hey, hey (Because I'm happy) Clap along if you feel like that's what you wanna do Huh, come onWe're a thousand miles from comfort, we have traveled land and sea But as long as you are with me, there's no place I'd rather be I would wait forever, exalted in the scene As long as I am with you, my heart continues to beat With every step we take, Kyoto to The Bay Strolling so casually We're different and the same, gave you another name Switch up the batteries If you gave me a chance, I would take it It's a shot in the dark but I'll make it Know with all of your heart you can't shame me When I am with you, there's no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be We staked out on a mission to find our inner peace Make it everlasting so nothing's incomplete It's easy being with you, sacred simplicity As long as we're together, there's no place I'd rather be With every step we take, Kyoto to The Bay Strolling so casually We're different and the same, gave you another name Switch up the batteries If you gave me a chance, I would take it It's a shot in the dark but I'll make it, Know with all of your heart you can't shame me When I am with you, there's no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be When I am with you, there's no place I'd rather be Hmm, hoo Be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be, be Yeah-e-yeah-e-yeah-e-yeah-e-yeah, yeah, yeah If you gave me a chance, I would take it It's a shot in the dark but I'll make it Know with all of your heart you can't shame me When I am with you, there's no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be When I am with you, there's no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be N-n-n-no, no, no, no place I'd rather be When I am with you, there's no place I'd rather beWhat would I do without your smart mouth Drawing me in and you kicking me out? Got my head spinning, no kidding I can't pin you down What's going on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me But I'll be alright My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm outta my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll gives my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh How many times do I have to tell you Even when you're crying, you're beautiful too? The world is beating you down I'm around through every mood You're my downfall, you're my muse My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues I can't stop singing This ringing in my head for you My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all, all of you Cards on the table We're both showing hearts Risking it all though it's hard 'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning 'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh I give you all of me, yeah And you give me all of you, ohMy face above the water My feet can't touch the ground Touch the ground, and it feels like I can see the sands on the horizon Everytime you are not around I'm slowly drifting away (drifting away) Wave after wave, wave after wave I'm slowly drifting (drifting away) And it feels like I'm drowning Pulling against the stream Pulling against the stream I wish I could make it easy Easy to love me, love me But still I reach, to find a way I'm stuck here in between I'm looking for the right words to say I'm slowly drifting, drifting away Wave after wave, wave after wave I'm slowly drifting (drifting away) And it feels like I'm drowning Pulling against the stream Pulling against the streamWhen your legs don't work like they used to before And I can't sweep you off of your feet Will your mouth still remember the taste of my love Will your eyes still smile from your cheeks And darling I will be loving you till we're seventy And baby my heart could still fall as hard at twenty-three And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe just the touch of a hand Oh me I fall in love with you every single day And I just wanna tell you I am So honey now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are When my hair's all but gone and my memory fades And the crowds don't remember my name When my hands don't play the strings the same way I know you will still love me the same 'Cause honey your soul can never grow old It's evergreen And baby your smile's forever in my mind and memory And I'm thinking 'bout how people fall in love in mysterious ways Maybe it's all part of a plan I'll just keep on making the same mistakes Hoping that you'll understand But baby now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are So baby now Take me into your loving arms Kiss me under the light of a thousand stars Oh darling, place your head on my beating heart I'm thinking out loud That maybe we found love right where we are Oh maybe we found love right where we are And we found love right where we areI keep going to the river to pray 'Cause I need something that can wash off the pain And at most I'm sleeping all these demons away But your ghost, the ghost of you, it keeps me awake My friends had you figured out Yeah they saw what's inside of you You tried hiding another you But your evil was coming through These guys sitting on the wall They watch every move I make Bright light living in the shade Your cold heart makes my spirit shake I had to go through hell to prove I'm not insane Had to meet the devil just to know his name And that's when my love was burning Yeah, it's still burning I keep going to the river to pray 'Cause I need something that can wash off the pain And at most I'm sleeping all these demons away But your ghost, the ghost of you, it keeps me awake I keep going to the river to pray 'Cause I need something that can wash off the pain And at most I'm sleeping all these demons away But your ghost, the ghost of you, it keeps me awake Each time that I think you go I turn around and you're creeping in And I let you under my skin 'Cause I love living in the sin Boy, you never told me True love was going to hurt True pain I don't deserve Truth is that I never learn I keep going to the river to pray 'Cause I need something that can wash off the pain And at most I'm sleeping all these demons away But your ghost, the ghost of you, it keeps me awake I keep going to the river to pray 'Cause I need something that can wash off the pain And at most I'm sleeping all these demons away But your ghost, the ghost of you, it keeps me awake Give up the ghost, give up the ghost Give up the ghost, stop the haunting baby Give up the ghost, give up the ghost Give up the ghost, no more haunting baby I keep going to the river I keep going to the river to pray 'Cause I need something that can wash off the pain And at most I'm sleeping all these demons away But your ghost, the ghost of you, it keeps me awake I keep going to the river to pray 'Cause I need something that can wash off the pain And at most I'm sleeping all these demons away But your ghost, the ghost of you, it keeps me awakeGuess it's true, I'm not good at a one-night stand But I still need love 'cause I'm just a man These nights never seem to go to plan I don't want you to leave, will you hold my hand? Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need This ain't love it's clear to see But darling, stay with me Why am I so emotional? No it's not a good look, gain some self control And deep down I know this never works But you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need This ain't love it's clear to see But darling, stay with me Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need This ain't love it's clear to see But darling, stay with me Oh, won't you stay with me? 'Cause you're all I need This ain't love it's clear to see But darling, stay with meBecause you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Yeah it's pretty clear, I ain't no size two But I can shake it, shake it like I'm supposed to do 'Cause I got that boom boom that all the boys chase All the right junk in all the right places I see the magazines working that Photoshop We know that shit ain't real, come on now, make it stop If you got beauty beauty just raise 'em up 'Cause every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top Yeah, my mama she told me don't worry about your size She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all 'bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey I'm bringing booty back Go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that No, I'm just playing, I know you think you're fat But I'm here to tell you Every inch of you is perfect from the bottom to the top Yeah, my mama she told me don't worry about your size She says, boys like a little more booty to hold at night You know I won't be no stick figure silicone Barbie doll So, if that's what's you're into then go ahead and move along Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Said I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass Because you know I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Said I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble Oh, I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass, no treble I'm all about that bass, 'bout that bass 'Bout that bass, 'bout that bass, hey hey Hey, hey, ooh You know you like this bass YeahIt's going down, I'm yellin' ‘Timber’ You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget Whoo ooh woo ooh (timber) Whoo ooh woo (timber) The bigger they are, the harder they fall This biggity boy's a diggity dog I'll have 'em like Miley Cyrus, clothes off Twerkin' in their bras and thongs, timber Face down, booty up, timber That's the way we like to what?, timber I'm slicker than an oil spill She says she won't, but I bet she will, timber Swing your partner 'round and 'round End of the night, it's going down One more shot, another round End of the night, it's going down Swing your partner 'round and 'round End of the night, it's going down (oh oh oh) One more shot, another round End of the night, it's going down It's going down, I'm yellin' timber You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget It's going down, I'm yellin' timber You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget Oh, whoa, oh (It's going down) Oh, whoa, oh (It's going down) Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane Nah, it's just me, ain't a damn thing changed Live in hotels, swing on planes Blessed to say, money ain't a thing Club jumpin' like LeBron now, Voli Order me another round, homie We about to clown, why? 'Cause it's about to go down Swing your partner 'round and 'round End of the night, it's going down One more shot, another round End of the night, it's going down Swing your partner 'round and 'round End of the night, it's going down (oh oh oh) One more shot, another round End of the night, it's going down (it's going down) It's going down, I'm yellin' timber You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget It's going down, I'm yellin' timber You better move, you better dance Let's make a night you won't remember I'll be the one you won't forget Oh, whoa, oh (it's going down) Oh, whoa, oh (it's going down) Oh, (timber) whoa, oh (it's going down) Oh, (timber) whoa, oh (it's going down)My house in Budapest My hidden treasure chest Golden grand piano My beautiful Castillo For you You I'd leave it all My acres of a land I have achieved It may be hard for you to Stop and believe But for you You I'd leave it all For you You I'd leave it all Give me one good reason Why I should never make a change And baby if you hold me Then all of this will go away My many artifacts The list goes on If you just say the words I'll up and run Oh, to you You I'd leave it all To you You I'd leave it all Give me one good reason Why I should never make a change And baby if you hold me Then all of this will go away Give me one good reason Why I should never make a change And baby if you hold me Then all of this will go away My friends and family They, don't understand They fear they'd lose so much If, you took my hand But, for you You I'd lose it all For you You I'd lose it all Give me one good reason Why I should never make a change And baby if you hold me Then all of this will go away Give me one good reason Why I should never make a change And baby if you hold me Then all of this will go away My house in Budapest My hidden treasure chest Golden grand piano My beautiful Castillo You You I'd leave it all Oh for you You I'd leave it all",

"Aw, ow! This hit, that ice cold Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold This one for them hood girls Them good girls, straight masterpieces Stylin', wilin' Livin' it up in the city Got Chucks on with Saint Laurent Gotta kiss myself, I'm so pretty I'm too hot (hot damn) Uh, call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (hot damn) Say my name, you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) And my band 'bout that money Break it down Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you (woo) ('Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch, come on! (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Stop, wait a minute Fill my cup, put some liquor in it Take a sip, sign the check Julio, get the stretch Ride to Harlem, Hollywood Jackson, Mississippi If we show up, we gon' show out Smoother than a fresh jar o' Skippy I'm too hot (hot damn) Call the police and the fireman I'm too hot (hot damn) Make a dragon wanna retire, man I'm too hot (too hot, hot damn, hot damn) Bitch, say my name you know who I am I'm too hot (hot damn) Uh, and my band 'bout that money Break it down Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) Girls hit your hallelujah (woo) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you (woo) ('Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you) 'Cause uptown funk gon' give it to you Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me just watch, come on! (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Before we leave Lemme tell y'all a lil' somethin' Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uh I said, uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up, uh Uptown funk you up Uptown funk you up Come on, dance, jump on it If you sexy, then flaunt it If you freaky, then own it Don't brag about it, come show me Come on, dance, jump on it If you sexy, then flaunt it Well, it's Saturday night and we in the spot Don't believe me, just watch, come on (Ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh (Ya) Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch, uh Don't believe me just watch Don't believe me just watch Hey, hey, hey, oh! Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (woo, come on) Uptown funk you up (hey, say what?) Uptown funk you up (hey) Uptown funk you up (come on) Uptown funk you up (ah) Uptown funk you up (say what?) Uptown funk you up Aw, ow!When I need motivation My one solution is my queen 'Cause she stays strong Yeah, yeah She is always in my corner Right there when I want her All these other girls are tempting But I'm empty when you're gone And they say Do you need me? Do you think I'm pretty? Do I make you feel like cheating? And I'm like no, not really 'cause Oh, I think that I've found myself a cheerleader She is always right there when I need her Oh, I think that I've found myself a cheerleader She is always right there when I need her She walks like a model She grants my wishes Like a genie in a bottle Yeah, yeah 'Cause I'm the wizard of love And I got the magic wand All these other girls are tempting But I'm empty when you're gone And they say Do you need me? Do you think I'm pretty? Do I make you feel like cheating? And I'm like no, not really 'cause Oh, I think that I've found myself a cheerleader She is always right there when I need her Oh, I think that I've found myself a cheerleader She is always right there when I need her She gives me love and affection Baby, did I mention You're the only girl for me No, I don't need a next one Mama loves you too She thinks I made the right selection Now all that's left to do Is just for me to pop the question Oh, I think that I've found myself a cheerleader She is always right there when I need her Oh, I think that I've found myself a cheerleader She is always right there when I need herMy lover's got humour She's the giggle at a funeral Knows everybody's disapproval I should've worshipped her sooner If the Heavens ever did speak She's the last true mouthpiece Every Sunday's getting more bleak A fresh poison each week We were born sick You heard them say it My church offers no absolutes She tells me, ‘Worship in the bedroom’ The only heaven I'll be sent to Is when I'm alone with you I was born sick But I love it Command me to be well A-amen, amen, amen Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my life Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my life If I'm a pagan of the good times My lover's the sunlight To keep the Goddess on my side She demands a sacrifice Drain the whole sea Get something shiny Something meaty for the main course That's a fine lookin' high horse What you got in the stable? We've a lot of starving faithful That looks tasty That looks plenty This is hungry work Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins, so you can sharpen your knife Offer me my deathless death Good God, let me give you my life Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins, so you can sharpen your knife Offer me my deathless death Good God, let me give you my life No masters or kings when the ritual begins There is no sweeter innocence than our gentle sin In the madness and soil of that sad earthly scene Only then I am human, only then I am clean Oh oh Amen, amen, amen Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my life Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my lifeYou're the light, you're the night You're the color of my blood You're the cure, you're the pain You're the only thing I wanna touch Never knew that it could mean so much, so much You're the fear, I don't care 'Cause I've never been so high Follow me through the dark Let me take you past our satellites You can see the world you brought to life, to life So love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Fading in, fading out On the edge of paradise Every inch of your skin is a holy grail I've gotta find Only you can set my heart on fire, on fire Yeah, I'll let you set the pace 'Cause I'm not thinking straight My head's spinning around, I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? I'll let you set the pace 'Cause I'm not thinking straight My head's spinning around, I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Like you do) Love me like you do, lo-lo-love me like you do (Yeah) Touch me like you do, to-to-touch me like you do (Ah) What are you waiting for?It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Damn, who knew All the planes we flew Good things we been through That I'd be standing right here talking to you 'Bout another path I know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up look at things different see the bigger picture Those were the days Hard work forever pays Now I see you in a better place Ah How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (lemme tell you) When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh First, you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong And what's small turned to a friendship A friendship turned to a bond And that bond will never be broken The love will never get lost And when brotherhood come first Then the line will never be crossed Established it on our own When that line had to be drawn And that line is what we reached So remember me when I'm gone How could we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride So let the light guide your way, yeah Hold every memory as you go And every road you take Will always lead you home, home It's been a long day without you my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh When I see you again Oh, oh, ooh When I see you againHello, it's me I was wondering if after all these years You'd like to meet To go over everything They say that time's supposed to heal ya But I ain't done much healing Hello, can you hear me? I'm in California dreaming about who We used to be When we were younger and free I've forgotten how it felt Before the world fell at our feet There's such a difference between us And a million miles Hello from the other side I must have called a thousand times To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside At least I can say that I've tried To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Hello, how are you? It's so typical of me to talk About myself, I'm sorry I hope that you're well Did you ever make it out of that town Where nothing ever happened? It's no secret that the both of us Are running out of time So hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Anymore Hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart AnymoreDo you recall, not long ago We would walk on the sidewalk Innocent, remember? All we did was care for each other But the night was warm We were bold and young All around the wind blows We would only hold on to let go Blow a kiss, fire a gun We need someone to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun All we need is somebody to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun We need someone to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun All we need is somebody to lean on What will we do when we get old? Will we walk down the same road? Will you be there by my side? Standing strong as the waves roll over When the nights are long Longing for you to come home All around the wind blows We would only hold on to let go Blow a kiss, fire a gun We need someone to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun All we need is somebody to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun We need someone to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun All we need is somebody to lean on All we need is somebody to lean on All we need is somebody to lean on Lean on, lean on, lean on, lean on... Blow a kiss, fire a gun We need someone to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun All we need is somebody to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun We need someone to lean on Blow a kiss, fire a gun All we need is somebody to lean onTried to keep you close to me, But life got in between Tried to square not being there But think that I should have been Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and see where you hide Hold back the river, hold back Once upon a different life We rode our bikes into the sky But now we call against the tide Those distant days are flashing by Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and be by your side Hold back the river, hold back Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and see where you hide Hold back the river, hold back Hold oho, oho, oho, oho Oho, oho, oho, oho Lonely water, lonely water, won't you let us wander Let us hold each other Lonely water, lonely water, won't you let us wander Let us hold each other Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and be by your side Hold back the river, hold back Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and be by your side Hold back the river, hold Lonely water, lonely water, won't you let us wander Let us hold each other Lonely water, lonely water, won't you let us wander Let us hold each otherWhat do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said we're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? You're so indecisive of what I'm saying Trying to catch the beat make up your heart Don't know if you're happy or complaining Don't want for us to end, where do I start? First you wanna go to the left and you want to turn right Wanna argue all day, make love all night First you up and you're down and then between Oh, I really want to know What do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said you're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? You're overprotective when I'm leaving Trying to compromise but I can't win You wanna make a point but you keep preaching You had me from the start, won't let this end First you wanna go to the left, then you want to turn right Wanna argue all day, make love all night First you up and you're down and then between Oh, I really want to know What do you mean? Oh When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? I wanna know Oh, what do you mean? Said we're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh baby, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean? When you nod your head yes But you wanna say no What do you mean? Hey When you don't want me to move But you tell me to go What do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Said you're running out of time, what do you mean? Oh, what do you mean? Better make up your mind What do you mean?You gotta go and get angry at all of my honesty You know I try but I don't do too well with apologies I hope I don't run out of time, could someone call the referee? 'Cause I just need one more shot at forgiveness I know you know that I made those mistakes maybe once or twice And by once or twice I mean maybe a couple a hundred times So let me, oh let me redeem, oh redeem, oh myself tonight 'Cause I just need one more shot, second chances Is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry, yeah Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'll take every single piece of the blame if you want me to But you know that there is no innocent one in this game for two I'll go, I'll go and then you go, you go out and spill the truth Can we both say the words and forget this? Yeah, is it too late now to say sorry? 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm not just trying to get you back on me, oh no 'Cause I'm missing more than just your body, oh Is it too late now to say sorry? Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry, oh Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now? I'm sorry, yeah Sorry Sorry Yeah, I know that I let you down Is it too late to say I'm sorry now?",

"Baby, I like your style Grips on your waist Front way, back way You know that I don't play Streets not safe But I never run away Even when I'm away Oti, oti There's never much love when we go OT I pray to make it back in one piece I pray, I pray That's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me Baby, I like your style Strength and guidance All that I'm wishing for my friends Nobody makes it from my ends I had to bust up the silence You know you gotta stick by me Soon as you see the text, reply me I don't wanna spend time fighting We've got no time And that's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me Got a pretty girl and she love me long time Wine it, wine it, very long time Oh yeah, very long time Back up, back up, back up and wine it Back up, back up and wine it, girl Back up, back up, back up and wine it Oh yeah, very long time Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Tell me I need to know, where do you wanna go? 'Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow Make you lose control Where, where, where Where, where, where, where Oh yeah, very long time Where, where, where Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Where, where, where, where 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on meOnce I was seven years old my momma told me Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely Once I was seven years old It was a big big world, but we thought we were bigger Pushing each other to the limits, we were learning quicker By eleven smoking herb and drinking burning liquor Never rich so we were out to make that steady figure Once I was eleven years old my daddy told me Go get yourself a wife or you'll be lonely Once I was eleven years old I always had that dream like my daddy before me So I started writing songs, I started writing stories Something about the glory, just always seemed to bore me 'Cause only those I really love will ever really know me Once I was 20 years old, my story got told Before the morning sun, when life was lonely Once I was 20 years old I only see my goals, I don't believe in failure 'Cause I know the smallest voices, they can make it major I got my boys with me at least those in favor And if we don't meet before I leave, I hope I'll see you later Once I was 20 years old, my story got told I was writing about everything, I saw before me Once I was 20 years old Soon we'll be 30 years old, our songs have been sold We've traveled around the world and we're still rolling Soon we'll be 30 years old I'm still learning about life My woman brought children for me So I can sing them all my songs And I can tell them stories Most of my boys are with me Some are still out seeking glory And some I had to leave behind My brother I'm still sorry Soon I'll be 60 years old, my daddy got 61 Remember life and then your life becomes a better one I made the man so happy when I wrote a letter once I hope my children come and visit, once or twice a month Soon I'll be 60 years old, will I think the world is cold Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me Soon I'll be 60 years old Soon I'll be 60 years old, will I think the world is cold Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me Soon I'll be 60 years old Once I was seven years old, my momma told me Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely Once I was seven years old Once I was seven years oldCome on, come on, turn the radio on It's Friday night and I won't be long Gotta do my hair, put my make-up on It's Friday night and I won't be long Till I hit the dance floor Hit the dance floor I got all I need No, I ain't got cash I ain't got cash But I got you, baby Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing Come on, come on, turn the radio on It's Saturdayand I won't be long Gotta paint my nails, put my high heels on It's Saturday and I won't be long Till I hit the dance floor Hit the dance floor I got all I need No, I ain't got cash I ain't got cash But I got you, baby Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing (I love cheap thrills) (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing, oh Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) Baby, I don't need dollar bills to have fun tonight (I love cheap thrills) I don't need no money As long as I can feel the beat I don't need no money As long as I keep dancing La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills) La, la, la, la, la, la (I love cheap thrills)I took a pill in Ibiza To show Avicii I was cool And when I finally got sober, felt 10 years older But fuck it, it was something to do I'm living out in LA I drive a sports car just to prove I'm a real big baller 'cause I made a million dollars And I spend it on girls and shoes But you don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs I'm just a singer who already blew his shot I get along with old timers 'Cause my name's a reminder of a pop song people forgot And I can't keep a girl, no 'Cause as soon as the sun comes up I cut 'em all loose and work's my excuse But the truth is I can't open up But you don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs I took a plane to my home town I brought my pride and my guitar All my friends are all gone but there's manicured lawns And the people still think I'm a star I walked around downtown I met some fans on Lafayette They said ‘tell us how to make it 'cause we're getting real impatient’ So I looked 'em in the eye and said You don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All that I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all that I know are sad songs, sad songsBaby, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves And everybody's watching her But she's looking at you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, oh, oh Lightning, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves And everybody's watching her But she's looking at you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, oh, oh We go fast 'til they can't replay Who knows why it's gotta be this way We say nothing more than we need I say ‘your place’ when we leave Lightning, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves And everybody's watching her But she's looking at you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, oh, oh Baby, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves Yeah Lightning, this is what you came for Lightning strikes every time she moves And everybody's watching her But she's looking at you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, you, oh, oh You, oh, oh, oh, ohI live my day as if it was the last Live my day as if there was no past Doin' it all night, all summer Doin' it the way I wanna Yeah I'mma dance my heart out 'til the dawn But I won't be done when morning comes Doin' it all night, all summer Gonna spend it like no other It was a crush But I couldn't, couldn't get enough It was a rush But I gave it up It was a crush Now I might have went and said too much But that's all it was So I gave it up I live my day as if it was the last Live my day as if there was no past Doin' it all night, all summer Doin' it the way I wanna Yeah I'mma dance my heart out 'til the dawn But I won't be done when morning comes Doin' it all night, all summer Gonna spend it like no other It was a crush I kept saying I'mma stay in touch But that thing went bust So I gave it up No tricks, no bluff I'm just better off without them cuffs Yeah the sun won't set on us Went low, went high Still waters run dry Gotta get back in the groove I ain't ever worry Went low, went high What matters is now Getting right back in the mood I live my day as if it was the last Live my day as if there was no past Doin' it all night, all summer Doin' it the way I wanna Yeah I'mma dance my heart out 'til the dawn But I won't be done when morning comes Doin' it all night, all summer Gonna spend it like no other Now I've found another crush The lush life's given me a rush Had one chance to make me blush Second time is one too late Now I've found another crush The lush life's given me a rush Had one chance to make me blush Second time is one too late I live my day as if it was the last Live my day as if there was no past Doin' it all night, all summer Doin' it the way I wanna Yeah I'mma dance my heart out 'til the dawn But I won't be done when morning comes Doin' it all night, all summer Gonna spend it like no other Now I've found another crush The lush life's given me a rush Had one chance to make me blush Second time is one too late Now I've found another crush The lush life's given me a rush Had one chance to make me blush Second time is one too lateHey, I was doing just fine just before I met you I drank too much and that's an issue but I'm okay Hey, you tell your friends it was nice to meet them But I hope I never see them again I know it breaks your heart Moved to the city in a broke down car and Four years, no calls Now you're looking pretty in a hotel bar and I can't stop No, I can't stop So baby, pull me closer In the back seat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older You look as the good as the day as I met you I forget just why I left you, I was insane Stay and play that Blink-182 song That we beat to death in Tucson, okay? I know it breaks your heart I moved to the city in a broke down car and Four years, no calls Now you're looking pretty in a hotel bar and I can't stop No, I can't stop So baby, pull me closer In the backseat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older So baby, pull me closer In the backseat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older No we ain't ever getting olderFor all the times that you rained on my parade And all the clubs you get in using my name You think you broke my heart, oh girl for goodness sake You think I'm crying on my own, well I ain't And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself But when you told me that you hated my friends The only problem was with you and not them And every time you told me my opinion was wrong And tried to make me forget where I came from And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself For all the times that you made me feel small I fell in love, now I feel nothin' at all Had never felt so low when I was vulnerable Was I a fool to let you break down my walls? 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself 'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourselfWork, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Join me, I deserved it No time to have you lurking If I got right then you might like it You know I dealt with you the nicest Nobody touch me, I'm the righteous Nobody text me in a crisis I believed all of your dreams are fruition You took my heart and my keys and my vision You took my heart off my sleeve, a decoration You mistaken my love I brought for you for foundation All that I wanted from you was to give me Something that I never had Something that you've never seen Something that you've never been But I wake up and everything's wrong Just get ready for work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work Duh, duh, duh, duh For you I got Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah Before the tables turned, turned, turned, turned Begging, something please Baby, don't you leave Don't leave me stuck here in the streets (no, no) If I get another chance to I will never, no never neglect you I mean, who am I to hold your past against you? I just hope that it gets to you I hope that you see this through I hope that you see this true What can I say? Please recognize I'm trying baby I been work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that I work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Yeah, okay You need to get done, done, done, done That'll work, come over We just need that slow the motion Don't give that away to no one Long distance, I need you When I see potential I just gotta see it through If you had a twin I would still choose you I don't wanna rush into it, if it's too soon But I know you need to get done, done, done, done If you come over Sorry if I'm way less friendly I got niggas tryna end me Oh yeah, I spilled all my emotions tonight, I'm sorry Rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling, rolling How many more shots until you're rolling? We just need a face to face You could pick the time and the place You spent some time away Now you need to forward and give me all the Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me I be Work, work, work, work, work, work You see me, do me Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt For some of that Work, work, work, work, work, work For you I got Love, love, love, love, love, love When I came for my Turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn Work, work, workI got this feeling inside my bones It goes electric, wavey when I turn it on All through my city, all through my home We're flying up, no ceiling, when we in our zone I got that sunshine in my pocket Got that good soul in my feet I feel that hot blood in my body when it drops (ooh) I can't take my eyes up off it, moving so phenomenally Room on lock the way we rock it, so don't stop Under the lights when everything goes Nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close When we move, well, you already know So just imagine (just imagine, just imagine) Nothing I can see but you when you dance, dance, dance Feeling good, good, creeping up on you So just dance, dance, dance, come on All those things I shouldn't do But you dance, dance, dance And ain't nobody leaving soon, so keep dancing I can't stop the feeling So just dance, dance, dance I can't stop the feeling So just dance, dance, dance, come on Ooh, it's something magical It's in the air, it's in my blood, it's rushing on I don't need no reason, don't need control I fly so high, no ceiling, when I'm in my zone 'Cause I got that sunshine in my pocket Got that good soul in my feet I feel that hot blood in my body when it drops (ooh) I can't take my eyes up off it, moving so phenomenally Room on lock the way we rock it, so don't stop Under the lights when everything goes Nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close When we move, well, you already know So just imagine (just imagine, just imagine) Nothing I can see but you when you dance, dance, dance Feeling good, good, creeping up on you So just dance, dance, dance, come on All those things I shouldn't do But you dance, dance, dance And ain't nobody leaving soon, so keep dancing I can't stop the feeling So just dance, dance, dance I can't stop the feeling So just dance, dance, dance I can't stop the feeling So just dance, dance, dance I can't stop the feeling, yeah So keep dancing, come on Oh yeah I can't stop the, I can't stop the I can't stop the, I can't stop the I can't stop the feeling Nothing I can see but you when you dance, dance, dance (I can't stop the feeling) Feeling good, good, creeping up on you So just dance, dance, dance, come on (I can't stop the feeling) All those things I shouldn't do But you dance, dance, dance (I can't stop the feeling) And ain't nobody leaving soon, so keep dancing Everybody sing (I can't stop the feeling) Got this feeling in my potty (I can't stop the feeling) Got this feeling in my potty (I can't stop the feeling) Wanna see you move your body (I can't stop the feeling) Got this feeling in my potty Break it down Got this feeling in my potty Can't stop the feeling Got this feeling in my potty, come on" ]

var everywhere = [america, aussie, canada, china, japan, korea, latin, russia, UK]
//chn 2014-2015
//jpn 2013-2016
//krn 2014-2016
//rus 2012
//Empty string "" for other years.

    // Initialize Firebase
    var config = {
      apiKey: "AIzaSyBqtgA4eqsh4lLhZ4yISLK70CreSJbfQbo",
      authDomain: "music-world-f9eaa.firebaseapp.com",
      databaseURL: "https://music-world-f9eaa.firebaseio.com",
      storageBucket: "music-world-f9eaa.appspot.com",
      messagingSenderId: "653990970991"
    };
    firebase.initializeApp(config);

    var display = document.getElementById('array');
    var dbRef1 =  firebase.database().ref();
    var temp;
    dbRef1.once('value').then(function(snapshot){
         temp = snapshot.child("testIndex").val();
         display.innerText = testArray[temp];
    });

var words = everywhere[countryIndex][parseInt(year)]